# 音视频处理(一)

核心：边下边播

## 系统库

系统文库中，有一个专门的Media and Web，音视频的库在这里面。

> Media and Web

AssetsLibrary: Access the assets in a user’s media library.

AudioToolbox: Record or play audio, convert formats, parse audio streams, and configure your audio session.

AudioUnit: Add sophisticated audio manipulation and processing capabilities to your app. Create audio unit extensions that generate or modify audio in a host app.

AVFoundation: Work with audiovisual assets, control device cameras, process audio, and configure system audio interactions.

AVKit: Create view-level services for media playback, complete with user controls, chapter navigation, and support for subtitles and closed captioning.

Core Audio

Core Audio Kit

Core Media

Core MIDI: Communicate with MIDI devices such as hardware keyboards and synthesizers.

Core Video

FxPlug: Create new hardware-accelerated and CPU-based effects for Final Cut Pro and Motion.

iTunesLibrary

Media Player

Media Accessibility

MediaLibrary

Photos

PhotosUI

QTKit: Perform basic manipulation of media such as movie playback and editing. Import and export standard media formats. The QuickTime Kit is a Objective-C framework (QTKit.framework) for manipulating time-based media. QuickTime Kit was deprecated in OS X v10.9. Use the AVFoundation framework instead.

SafariServices

ScreenSaver

TVMLKit: Create client-server apps by incorporating JavaScript and TVML files in your binary app. The TVMLKit framework enables you to evaluate TVMLKit JS and TVML files from within your tvOS app. You can create TVML elements, styles, views, and view controllers through the JavaScript environment.

VideoToolbox

WebKit

> 各应用所使用的系统音视频库

DOUAudioStreamer: CoreAudio\AudioToolbox\AudioUnit
AVFoundationQueuePlayer-iOS: AVFoundation\CoreMedia
TBPlayer: AVFoundation
KTVHTTPCache: AVFoundation