---
layout: post
title: 英语学习--我的生词
date: 2022-12-2 17:30:35.000000000 +08:00
tags: English
---

[100句背诵7000英文单词](https://www.cnblogs.com/yony/archive/2012/08/22/2651202.html)
[这些句子能背诵4000个单词你信吗？](https://www.cnblogs.com/yony/archive/2012/08/22/2651197.html)

## New Concept English 1: First Things First

coat(大衣): Is this your coat?

skirt(裙子) 

shirt(衬衣): /ʃɜːt/ (shit: /ʃɪt/ 屎，粪；拉屎)

cloakroom(衣帽存放出) /ˈkləʊkruːm/: I went to the cloakroom to pick up our coats.

suit(一套衣服)

nationality(国籍): What nationality are you? I'm Italian.

keyboard(电脑键盘): I'm a keyboard operator. 

operator(操作人员)

air hostess(空中小姐) /ˈhəʊstəs/

postman(邮递员) 

nurse(护士)

mechanic(机械师) /məˈkænɪk/: I'm a mechanic.

hairdresser(理发师) /ˈheədresə(r)/

fat(胖的): He's fat.

thin(瘦的) 

dirty(脏的): /ˈdɜːti/

perhaps(大概): TEACHER: Is this shirt Tim's? DAVE: Perhaps it is, sir.

blouse(女衬衫): Whose is this blouse?

upstairs(楼上): Come upstairs and see it.

carpet(地毯): What colour's your carpet?

customs(海关): Customs officer

tourist(旅行者): /ˈtʊərɪst/ Are you tourists? 你们是来旅游的吗？

sales reps(推销员): They are sales reps, they're very lazy.

thirsty(渴): We're tired and thirsty, Mum.

sharp(锋利的): Give me a knife, please. Here you are. No, not this sharp one. That blunt one. 

blunt(钝的) 

spoon(勺子)

shelf(架子、搁板): /ʃelf/ The ones on the shelf.

cupboard(橱柜，衣柜): /ˈkʌbəd/ The cupboard is easy to assemble. 

floor(地板): /flɔː(r)/  

dressing(梳妆台) 

stereo(立体声音响): /ˈsteriəʊ/

kitchen(厨房): Mrs. Smith's kitchen is small. /ˈmɪsɪz/

refrigerator(电冰箱): There is a refrigerator in the kitchen. 

electric(带电的、可通电的): There is an electric cooker in the kitchen. 

cooker(炉子)

living room(客厅): Mrs. Smith's living room is small. 

trousers(长裤): /ˈtraʊzəz/ There are some trousers on the bed.

bedroom(卧室): This bedroom's very untidy. 

untidy(乱，不整齐) 

wardrobe(大衣柜): /ˈwɔːdrəʊb/ Then put these clothes in the wardrobe. 

dust(掸掉灰尘): Dust the dressing table. 

sweep(扫): /swiːp/ Then sweep the floor. 

sharpen(削尖) v. : He started to sharpen his knife.

grass(草、草地): It's running across the grass. 

cook(做(饭)): Emma is cooking. 

tap((水)龙头): The girl is turning off the tap.

shine(照耀): /ʃaɪn/ There are some clouds in the sky, but the sun is shining.

shave(刮脸): They are shaving. 

valley(山谷): /ˈvæli/ Our village is in a valley. 

hill(小山): /hɪl/ It is between two hills. 

building(大楼、建筑物): This is the school building.

bookcase(书橱、书架): I'm making a bookcase.

hammer(锤子): /ˈhæmə(r)/ Give me that hammer please, Dan. 

dish(盘子、碟子): I'm going to wash the dishes.

vase(花瓶): /vɑːz/ What are you going to do with that vase, Penny? 

soap(肥皂): A bar of soap. 

kettle(水壶): Is there any water in this kettle? 

teapot(茶壶): It's over there, behind the teapot.

boil(沸腾、开): The kettle is boiling.

lift(拿起、搬起、举起、电梯): I can lift that chair, but I can't lift this table. 

butter(黄油): Do you like butter? Yes, I do. I like butter, but I don't want any.

pure(纯净的): /pjʊə(r)/ Pure water is neutral with a pH of 7.

neutral(中立的): /ˈnjuːtrəl/

ripe(成熟的): The tomatoes are not yet ripe. 

jam(果酱): Do you like jam? 

Scotch whisky(苏格兰威士忌) 

blackboard(黑板): He chalked the message on the blackboard.

butcher(卖肉的): At the butcher's 

beef(牛肉): Do you want beef or lamb? 

lamb(羔羊肉): /læm/

steak(牛排): /steɪk/ What about some steak?

mince(肉馅): /mɪns/ Give me a pound of mince, too. 

cabbage(卷心菜): He likes cabbages, but he doesn't like lettuces. 

lettuce(莴苣): /ˈletɪs/

pea(豌豆)

bean(豆角) 

pear(梨): /peə(r)/ 

grape(葡萄): /ɡreɪp/ 

peach(桃): /piːtʃ/

climate(气候): A pleasant climate. 

pleasant(宜人的): What's the climate like in your country? It's very pleasant. **这里的like是prep.（用于询问）……怎么样，所以是what is the climate like, 不是What the climate like**

mild(温暖的、温和的): It's mild, but it's not always pleasant. 

wet(潮湿的): It's often wet in the West. 

rise(升起): The sun rises(/ˈraɪzɪz/) late and sets early.

set((太阳)落下去)

subject(话题): What is the favourite subject of conversation in England? 

conversation(谈话)

lunch(午饭): She always eats her lunch at noon. 

envelope(信封): /ˈenvələʊp/ I want some envelopes, please.

pad(信笺薄): Do you want a pad?

glue(胶水): A bottle of glue. 

chalk(粉笔): /tʃɔːk/ And I want a large box of chalk, too.

change(零钱、找给的钱): I want my change.

tongue(舌头): /tʌŋ/ Show me your tongue.

aspirin(阿司匹林): She has a headache. So she must take an aspirin.

earache(耳痛) 

toothache(牙痛) 

dentist(牙医) 

stomach ache(胃痛): /ˈstʌmək/ 

medicine(药) 

temperature(温度) 

flu(流行性感冒): Dave has flu. 

measles(麻疹): /ˈmiːz(ə)lz/ 

mumps(鉰腺炎): /mʌmps/

lean out of(身体探出): Don't lean out of the window. 

greengrocer(蔬菜水果零售商): I was at the greengrocer's.  

absent(缺席的): He was absent on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. 

church(教堂): I was at church/school/home on Sunday.

dairy(乳品店): at the dairy 

baker(面包师父): I was at the baker's on Sunday. 

grocer(食品杂货商): at the grocer's

crowd(人群): You can see us in the crowd.

winner(获胜者): The winner was Billy Stewart. 

stationer(文具商): They were at the stationer's on Monday.

awful(让人讨厌的、坏的): He's awful. 

pleasantly(愉快地): The man smiled pleasantly. 

phrasebook(短语手册、常用语手册): Then he put his hand into his pocket, and took out a phrasebook. 

hurriedly(匆忙地): He shaved hurriedly this morning and cut himself badly. 

thirstily(口渴地): I gave him a glass of water and he drank it thirstily.

greet(问候、打招呼): /ɡriːt/ I met her in the street the day before yesterday and she greeted me warmly.

uncomfortable(不舒服的): They are uncomfortable, but women always wear uncomfortable shoes. 

appointment(预约、约会): Do you have an appointment? 

urgent(紧急的、急迫的): /ˈɜːdʒənt/ It's very urgent. 

vegetable(蔬菜): What about vegetables? 

groceries(食品杂货): /ˈɡrəʊsəriz/ I must go to the groceries.

fruit(水果) 

stationery(文具): /ˈsteɪʃənri/ They don't have any stationery. 

newsagent(报刊零售人): He must go to the newsagent's to get some envelopes. 

chemist(药剂师、化学家): /ˈkemɪst/

bath(洗澡): He's having a bath. 

roast(烤的): We had roast beef and potatoes. 

haircut(理发): I had a haircut. 

party(聚会) 

mess(杂乱、凌乱): Excuse the mess, Sam. 

suitcase(手提箱): We're packing our suitcases. 

cinema(电影院): Have you just been to the cinema? 

attendant(接待员) 

garage(车库、汽车修理厂): Let's go into the garage and have a look at it. 

lamp(灯杆): /læmp/ I drove it into a lamp-post. 

retire(退休): Because I've just retired.

neighbour(邻居): He has always been a good neighbour. 

pilot(飞行员): /ˈpaɪlət/ He's a pilot. 

porter(售票员,行李搬运工人)

describe(描述): Can you describe it, sir? 

zip(拉链): It's a small blue case and it's got a zip. 

label(标签): There's a label on the handle with my name and address on it. 

handle(提手、把手): /ˈhænd(ə)l/ 

slip(滑倒): I slipped and fell downstairs. (fall fell fallen)

fall(落下、跌倒) 

downstairs(下楼) 

hurt(伤、疼痛): I've hurt my back. 

back(背) 

licence(执照)

association(协会): The Youth Hostels Association. 

mathematics(数学(maths缩写)): I think I passed in English and Mathematics. 

paper(考卷): I think I failed the French paper. 

mark(分数): I'm sure I've got a low mark.  

rest(其它的东西): But I couldn't answer the rest.

cheer(振作): /tʃɪə(r)/ Oh, cheer up!

clever(聪明的)

stupid(笨的) 

stale(变馊的): /steɪl/ 

sour(酸的): /ˈsaʊə(r)/

spell(拼写)(spelt) 

intelligent(聪明的、有智慧的): How do you spell 'intelligent'? 

present(礼物): And here's a little present for you. 

suit(适于): I don't like the colour either. It doesn't suit me

teaspoonful(一满茶匙): One and a half teaspoonful, please. 

afford(付得起(钱)): That's too expensive for us. We can't afford all that money.

deposit(预付定金): /dɪˈpɒzɪt/ You can pay a deposit of thirty pounds

instalment(分期付款): /ɪnˈstɔːlmənt/ Can we buy it on instalments? 

conductor(售票员)

fare(车费、车票): /feə(r)/ Fares, please. 

change(兑换(钱)): Haven't you got any small change? 

note(纸币): Can you change this ten-pound note, madam? 

passenger(乘客): /ˈpæsɪndʒə(r)/ None of our passenger can change this note. 

get off(下车): You must get off the bus.

tramp(流浪汉): /træmp/

lemonade(柠檬水): You can have some lemonade. 

asleep(睡觉): Everyone is asleep. (sleep n.  asleep adj. adv.)

dining room(饭厅): When my husband was going into the dining room this morning, he dropped some coins on the floor. 

coin(硬币)

swallow(吞下): /ˈswɒləʊ/ Tommy had already swallow them! 

toilet(厕所): /ˈtɔɪlət/ Tommy's been to the toilet three times this morning

thief(贼): /θiːf/ Two thieves climbed into his kitchen.

torch(手电筒): It was very dark, so they turned on a torch. 

parrot(鹦鹉): /ˈpærət/ But George's parrot, Henry, was still there.

counter(柜台): The lady who is standing behind the counter. 

beard(胡子、落腮胡子): /bɪəd/ I grew a bread during the trip. 

kitten(小猫): /ˈkɪt(ə)n/ This is the kitten Which I found in the garden.

nuisance(讨厌的东西或人): /ˈnjuːsns/ What a nuisance! 

actress(女演员): /ˈæktrəs/ It must be Karen Marsh, the actress.

at least(至少): She must be at least forty. 

actor(男演员) 

wave(招手): The policeman's waving to you.

overtake(从后面超越、超车)(overtook/overtaken): I was doing eighty when I overtook you.

speed limit(限速): Didn't you see the speed limit? 

charge(罚款): I won't charge you this time. 

sensational(爆炸性的、耸人听闻的): /senˈseɪʃən(ə)l/ Sensational news 

get married(结婚): We're going to get married next week. 

pool(赌注): /puːl/ Are you doing the football pools, Brian? 

overseas(海外的、国外的): You work for the Overseas Engineering Company, don't you? 

get on(登上): Suddenly, a middle-age lady got on the train and sat opposite Sally. 

middle-aged(中年的) 

opposite(在...对面): /ˈɒpəzɪt/

curiously(好奇的): /ˈkjʊəriəsli/ Sally did not answer but looked at her curiously. 

powder(香粉): The lady opened her handbag and took out her powder compact. 

compact(戴镜的化妆盒)

kindly(和蔼的): She put away her compact and smiled kindly. 

ugly(丑陋的): But you are still ugly. 

amused(有趣的): Sally was amused, but I was very embarrassed. 

embarrassed(尴尬的、窘迫的): /ɪmˈbærəst/

regularly(经常地、定期地): /ˈreɡjələli/ It is repaired regularly.

surround(包围): I live in a very old town which is surrounded by beautiful woods. 

wood(树林) 

beauty spot(风景点): It is a famous beauty spot. 

tidy(整齐的): Visitors has been asked to keep the woods clean and tidy. 

litter(杂乱的东西): /ˈlɪtə(r)/ Litter basket have been placed under the trees. 

litter basket(废物筐)

rubbish(垃圾): Among the rubbish, I found a sign which said, 'Anyone who leaves litter in these woods will be prosecuted.' 

tyre(轮胎): /ˈtaɪə(r)/ The ground was covered with pieces of bottles(/ˈbɒt(ə)lz/), cigarette ends, old tyres, empty bottles and rusty tins.  

rusty(生锈的): /ˈrʌsti/

prosecute(依法处置): /ˈprɒsɪkjuːt/



## New Concept English 2: Practice & Progres

Lesson 3

spoil [spɔil] v.使索然无味，损坏 (e.g., PostCard always spoil my holidays.)

decision [di'siʒən] n.决定 (e.g., On the last day I made a big decision.)

Lesson 4

abroad [ə'brɔ:d] ad.在国外 (e.g., My brother has never been abroad before.)

Lesson 5

spare [speə] 备件 (e.g., Up to now, Mr. Scott has sent a great many requests for spare parts.)

Lesson 6

call [kɔ:l] v.拜访，光顾 (e.g., He calls at every house in the street once a month.)

Lesson 7

valuable ['væljuəbəl, -jubəl] a.贵重的 (e.g., They were expecting a valuable parcel of diamonds from South Africa.)

parcel ['pɑ:sl] n.包裹

airfield ['eəfi:ld] n.飞机起落的场地 (e.g., When the plane arrived, some of the detectives were waiting inside the main building while others were waiting on the airfield.)

precious ['preʃəs] a.珍贵的 (e.g., The precious parcel was full of stones and sand.)

Lesson 8

neat [ni:t] a.整齐的，整洁的 (e.g., He has made neat paths and has build wooden bridge over a pool.)

wooden ['wudn] a.木头的

Lesson 9

gather ['gæeə] v.聚集 (e.g., A large crowd of people had gathered under the Town Hall clock.)

Lesson 10

musical ['mju:zikəl] a.音乐的 (e.g., We had an old musical instrument. It is called clavichord.)

instrument ['instrumənt] n.乐器

clavichord ['klævikɔ:d] n.古钢琴

key [ki:] n.琴键 (e.g., She struck the keys too hard and two of strings were broken.)

string [striŋ] n.(乐器的)弦

shock [ʃɔk, ʃɑk] v.使不悦或生气，震惊 (e.g., My father was shocked.)

Lesson 11

deserve [di'zə:v] v.应得到，值得 (e.g., One good turn deserves another)

lawyer ['lɔ:jə]n.律师 (e.g., Tony worked in a layer's office years ago.)

Lesson 12

harbour ['ha:bə] n.港口 (e.g., We'll meet him at the harbour.)

proud [praud] a.自豪 (e.g., We are very proud of him.)

Lesson 13

pop singer 流行歌手 (e.g., The Greenwood Boys are a group of pop singers.)

occasion [ə'keiʒən]n.场合 (e.g., It is always the same on these occassion.)

Lesson 14

lift [lift] n.搭便车 (e.g., He asked me for a lift.)

Lesson 15

nervous ['nə:vəs]a.精神紧张的 (e.g., I felt very nervous when I went into his office.)

afford [ə'fɔ:d]v.负担得起 (e.g., The firm could not afford to pay much large salaries.)



weak [wi:k] a.弱的 (e.g., I said in a weak voice.)

Lesson 16

obey [ə'bei]v.服从 (e.g., You cannot fail to obey it.)

Lesson 17

bright [brait] a.鲜艳的 (e.g., In the play, she must appear in a bright red dress and long black stockings.)

stocking ['stɔkiŋ]n.(女用)长筒袜

sock [sɔk]n.短袜 (e.g., She had to wear short socks.)

Lesson 18

pub [pʌb]n.小酒店 (e.g., After I had had lunch at a village pub, I looked for my bag.)

landlord ['lændlɔ:d] n.店主 (e.g., The landlord came in.)

bill [bil] n.帐单 (e.g., I can't pay the bill.)

Lesson 19

hurry ['hʌri]v.匆忙 (e.g., I hurried to the ticket office.)

exclaim [ik'skleim] v.大声说 (e.g., 'What a pity!' Susan exclaimed.)

Lesson 20

waste [weist] n.浪费 (e.g., It's a waste of time.)

realize ['riəlaiz]v.意识到 (e.g., But they don't realize one important thing.)

Lesson 21

mad [mæd] a.发疯 (e.g., Aeroplanes are slowly driving me mad.)

determined [di'tə:mind] a.坚定的，下决心的 (e.g., I am determined to stay here.)

Lesson 24

upset [ʌp'set]a.不安 (e.g., I had just lost $50 and I felt very upset.)

sympathetic [ˌsimpə'θetik] a.表示同情的 (e.g., The manager was sympathetic.)

complain [kəm'plein]v.抱怨 (e.g., He started to complain about this wicked world.)

wicked ['wikid] a.很坏的，邪恶的 

honesty ['ɔnisti]n.诚实 (e.g., There is still some honesty in this world.)

Lesson 26

critic ['kritik] n.评论家 (e.g., The best art critics.)

pretend [pri'tend] v.假装 (e.g., Many people pretend that they understand modern art.)

pattern ['pætn] n.图案 (e.g., They are just pretty patterns.)

curtain ['kə:tən]n.窗帘，幕布 (e.g., We like them in the same way we like pretty curtain material.)

material [mə'tiəriəl]n.材料

appreciate [ə'pri:ʃieit]v.鉴赏 (e.g., I think that young children often appreciate modern pictures better than anyone else.)

critically ['kritikəli]ad.批评地 (e.g., She looked at it critically for a moment.)

upside down上下颠倒地 (e.g., Isn't it upside down?)

Lesson 27

tent [tent]n.帐篷 (e.g., The boys put up their tent in the middle of a field.)

field [fi:ld]n.田地，田野

campfire ['kæmpˌfaiə]n.营火，篝火 (e.g., They told stories and sang songs by the campfire.)

creep [kri:p] v.爬行 (e.g., They put out the fire and crept into their tent.)

sleeping bag ['sli:piŋ]睡袋 (e.g., Their sleeping bag were warm and comfortable, so they all slept soundly.)

soundly ['sʌundli]ad.香甜地

leap [li:p] v.跳跃，跳起 (e.g., They all leapt out of their sleeping bag and hurried outside.)

heavily ['hevili]ad.大量地 (e.g., It was raining heavily and they found that a stream had formed in the field)

stream [stri:m]n.小溪

form [fɔ:m]v.形成

wind [wound, wound] v.蜿蜒 (e.g., The stream wound its way across the field and then flowed right under their tent.)

flow /fləʊ/ v. 流动，流淌

Lesson 28

rare [reə]a.罕见的 (e.g., Jasper White is one of those rare people who believes in ancient myths.)

ancient ['einʃənt] a.古代的，古老的

myth [miθ] n.神话故事

effect [i'fekt] n.结果，效果 (e.g., But these have not had any effect.)

Lesson 29

land [lænd]v.着陆 (e.g., It can land anywhere: on snow, water, or even on a ploughed field.)

plough [plau]v.耕地 

lonely ['ləunli]a.偏僻的，人迹罕至的 (e.g., Captain Fawcett's first passenger was a doctor who flew from Birmingham to a lonely village in the Welsh mountains.)

roof [ru:f]n.楼顶 (e.g., Once he landed on the roof of a block of flats.)

block [blɔk]n.一座大楼

flat [flæt]n.公寓房

desert ['dezət] v.废弃 (e.g., He landed in a deserted car park.)

Lesson 30

polo ['pəuləu]n.水球 (e.g., Football or polo?)

cut [kʌt]v.穿过 (e.g., The Wayle is a small river that cuts across the park near my home.)

row [rəu,rou] v.划(船) (e.g., There were some people rowing on the river.)

kick [kik]v.踢 (e.g., One of the children kicked a ball very hard and it went towards a passing boat.)

towards [tə'wɔ:dz]prep.朝，向

nearly ['niəli]ad.几乎 (e.g., He nearly fell into the water.)

sight [sait]n.眼界，视域 (e.g., I turned to look at the children, but there weren't any in sight.)

Lesson 31

retire [ri'taiə] v.退休 (e.g., Before he retired, Frank was the head of a very large business company.)

save [seiv]v.积蓄 (e.g., He saved money for years and in 1958 he bought a small workshop of his own.)

workshop ['wə:kʃɔp]n.车间

helper ['helpə] n.帮手，助手 (e.g., At that time he had two helpers.)

Lesson 32

temptation [temp'teiʃən]n.诱惑 (e.g., The temptation to steal is greater than ever before - especially in large shops.)

article ['ɑ:tikəl]n.物品，东西 (e.g., The woman first bought a few small articles.)

wrap [ræp]v.包裹 (e.g., She warpped it up for her as quickly as possible.)

Lesson 33

darkness ['dɑ:knis]n.黑暗 (e.g., Out of the darkness)

explain [ik'splein] v.解释，叙述 (e.g., Nearly a week passed before the girl was able to explain what had happend to her.)

coast [kəust]n.海岸 (e.g., One afternoon she set out from the coast in a small boat and was caught in a storm.)

storm [stɔ:m]n.暴风雨

towards [tə'wɔ:dz]prep.接近 (e.g., Towards evening, the boat struck a rock and the girl jumped into the sea.)

shore [ʃɔ:]n.海岸 (e.g., Early next morning, she saw a light ahead. She knew she was near the shore because the light was high up on the cliffs.)

ahead [ə'hed]ad.在前面

cliff [klif]n.峭壁

struggle ['strʌgl]v.挣扎 (e.g., The girl strugged up the cliff towards the ligh she had seen.)

Lesson 34

station ['steiʃən] n.(警察)局 (e.g., In the letter he was asked to call at the station.)

Lesson 35

regret [ri'gret] v.后悔 (e.g., He became a bus driver and he has not regretted it.)

rush [rʌʃ]v.冲 (e.g., He saw two thieves rush out of a shop and run towards a waiting car.)

act [ækt] v.行动 (e.g., Roy acted quickly and drove the bus straight at the thieves.)

straight [streit] ad.径直

fright [frait] n.害怕 (e.g., The one with the money got such a fright that he dropped the bag.)

battered ['bætəd] a.撞坏的 (e.g., While the battered car was moving away, Roy stopped his bus and telephoned the police)

shortly ['ʃɔ:tli] ad.很快，不久 (e.g., Shortly afwards, the police stopped the car and both men were arrested.)

afterwards ['a:ftəwədz]ad.以后

Lesson 36

anxiously ['æŋkʃəsli]ad.焦急地 (e.g., Tomorrow he will be watching her anxiously as she swims the long distance to England.)

intend [in'tend] v.打算 (e.g., Debbie intends to take short rests every two hours.)

solid ['sɔlid]a.固体的，硬的 (e.g., She will not eat any solid food.)

Lesson 37

Olympic [ə'limpik]a.奥林匹克的 (e.g., The Olympic Games will be hold in our country in four years' time.)

hold [həuld]v.召开

immense [i'mens]a.巨大的 (e.g., The government will be building new hotels, an immense stadium, and a new Olympic-standard swimming pool.)

stadium ['steidiəm]n.露天体育场

standard ['stændəd]n.标准

capital ['kæpitl] n.首都 (e.g., Tha Games will be held just outside the capital and the whole area will be called 'Olympic City'.)

fantastic [fæn'tæstik]a.巨大的 (e.g., The fantastic modern buildings have been designed by Kurt Gunter.)

Lesson 38

Mediterranean [ˌmeditə'reiniən] n.(the～)地中海 (e.g., My old friend, Harrison, had lived in the Mediterranean for many years.)

complain [kəm'plein]v.抱怨 (e.g., Almost immediately he began to complain about the weather.)

continually [kən'tinjuəli]ad.不断地 (e.g., It rain continally and it was often bitterly cold.)

bitterly ['bitəli] ad.刺骨地

Lesson 39

following ['fɔləuiŋ]a.下一个 (e.g., The following day, the patient asked for a bedside telephone.)

patient ['peiʃənt] n.病人

alone [ə'ləun]a.独自的 (e.g., When he was alone, he telephoned the hospital exchange and asked for Doctor Millington.)

exchange [iks'tʃeindʒ] n.(电话的)交换台

inquire [in'kwaiə] v.询问，打听 (e.g., Mr, Gilbert said he was inquiring about a certain patient, a Mr. John Gilbert.)

certain ['sə:tən]a.某个

caller ['kɔ:lə]n.打电话的人 (e.g., Then Dr. Milington asked the caller if he was a relative of the patient.)

relative ['relətiv]n.亲戚

Lesson 40

hostess ['həustis] n.女主人 (e.g., The hostess asked me to sit next to Mrs. Rumbold.)

unsmiling ['ʌn'smailiŋ]a.不笑的，严肃的 (e.g., Mrs. Rumbold was a large, unsmiling lady in a tight black dress.)

tight [tait] a.紧身的

fix [fiks]v.疑视 (e.g., Her eyes were fixed on her plate.)

globe [gləub]n.地球 (e.g., A new play is coming to 'The Globe' soon.)

despair [di'speə] n.绝望 (e.g., In despair, I asked her whether she was enjoying her dinner.)

Lesson 41

mirror ['mirə] n.镜子 (e.g., She looked at herself in the mirror.)

hole [həul]n.孔 (e.g., I sat down on one of those modern chairs with holes in it and waited.)

remark [ri'mɑ:k] v.评说 (e.g., Was that remark directed at me?)

lighthouse ['laithaus] n.灯塔 (e.g., My wife was wearing a hat that looked like a lighthouse.)

Lesson 42

pipe [paip] n.(吹奏地)管乐器 (e.g., He picked up a long pipe which was covered with coins.)

tune [tju:n, tu:n] n.曲调 (e.g., When he began to play a tune, we had our first glimpse of the snake.)

glimpse [glimps] n.一瞥

movement ['mu:vmənt]n.动作 (e.g., It rose out of the basket and began to follow the movements of the pipe)

obviously ['ɔbviəsli]ad.显然 (e.g., It obviously could not tell the difference between Indian music and jazz.)

Lesson 43

pole [pəul]n.(地球的)极 (e.g., In 1929, three years after his first flight over the North Pole, the American explorer, R.E. Byrd, successfully flew over the South Pole for the first time.)

flight [flait]n.飞行

explorer [ik'splɔ:rə]n.探险家

lie [lai]v.处于 (e.g., Byrd and his men were able to take a great many photographs of the mountains that lay below, they soon ran into serious trouble.)

serious ['siəriəs] a.严重的

point [pɔint]n.地点 (e.g., At one point, it seemed certain that their plane would crash.)

crash [kræʃ]v.坠毁

sack [sæk]n.袋子 (e.g., Byrd at once ordered his men to throw out two heavy food sacks.)

clear [kliə]v.越过 (e.g., The plane was then able to rise and it cleared the mountains by 400 feet.)

aircraft ['eəkrɑ:ft]n.飞机 (e.g., The aircraft was able to fly over the endless white plains without difficulty.)

endless ['endlis]a.无尽的

plain [plein] n.平原

Lesson 44

picnic ['piknik] n.野餐 (e.g., They had rushed up to her while she was having a picnic at the edge of a forest with her children.)

strap [stræp] n.带，皮带 (e.g., In the struggle, the strap broke and, with the bag in their possession.)

struggle [ˈstrʌɡ(ə)l] v. n. 奋斗，努力；搏斗，扭打，挣扎脱身

possession [pə'zeʃən]n.所有

contents ['kɔ:ntents]n.(常用复数)内有的物品 (e.g., They were going through the contents of the bag.)

mend [mend] v.修理 (e.g., The strap needs mending.)

Lesson 45

clear [kliə]a.无罪的，不亏心的 (e.g., A clear conscience)

conscience ['kɔnʃəns]n.良心，道德心

savings ['seiviŋz] n.存款 (e.g., He had lost his wallet while taking his savings to the post office.)

Lesson 46

unload [ʌn'ləud] v.卸(货) (e.g., Workers began to unload a number of wooden boxes which contained clothing.)

wooden ['wudn] a.木制的

extremely [ik'stri:mli] ad.非常，极其 (e.g., One of the boxes was extremely heavy.)

occur [ə'kə:]v.发生 (e.g., It suddenly occured to one of the workers to open up the box.)

astonish [ə'stɔniʃ]v.使惊讶 (e.g., He was astonished at what he found.)

pile [pail]n.堆 (e.g., A man was lying in the box on top of a pile of woolen goods.)

woollen ['wulən] n.羊毛的

goods [gudz] n.(常用复数)货物，商品

admit [əd'mit]v.承认 (e.g., The man admitted hiding in the box before the plane left London.)

confine [kən'fain]v.关在(一个狭小的空间里) (e.g., He had been confined to the wooden box for over eighteen hours.)

Lesson 47

thirsty ['θə:sti] a.贪杯的 (e.g., A thirsty ghost)

ghost [gəust]n.鬼魂

haunt [hɔ:nt]v.(鬼)来访，闹鬼 (e.g., Mr. Thompson is going to sell it because it is haunted.)

block [blɔk]v.堵 (e.g., He found that the doors had been blocked by chairs and the furniture had been moved.)

furniture ['fə:nitʃə]n.家具

whisky ['wiski] n.威士忌酒

Lesson 48

pull [pul] v.拔 (e.g., My dentist had just pulled out one of my teeth and had told me to rest for a while.)

cotton wool ['kɔtn-'wul]药棉 (e.g., My mouth was full of cotton wool.)

collect [kə'lekt]v.搜集 (e.g., He knew I collected match boxes and asked me whether my collection was growing.) 

collection [kə'lekʃən]n.收藏品，收集品

nod [nɔd]v.点头 (e.g., In answer to these questions I either nodded or made strange noises.) 

meanwhile ['mi:n'wail] ad.同时 (e.g., Meanwhile, my tongue was busy searching out the hole where the tooth had been.) 

Lesson 49

tired ['taiəd] a.厌烦的 (e.g., Tired of sleeping on the floor, a young man in Teheran saved up for years to buy a real bed.)

spring [spriŋ] n.弹簧 (e.g., For the first time in his life, he became the proud owner of a bed which had springs and a mattress.)

mattress ['mætris] n.床垫

gust [gʌst]n.一阵风 (e.g., A gust of wind swept the bed off the roof and sent it crashing into the courtyard below.)

sweep [swi:p] v. 扫，刮

courtyard ['kɔ:tjɑ:d]n.院子

smash [smæʃ]v.碰碎，摔碎 (e.g., Although the bed was smashed to pieces, the man was miraculously unhurt.)

miraculously [mi'rækjuləsli] ad.奇迹般地

glance [glɑ:ns]v.扫视 (e.g., Glacing at the bits of wood and metal that lay around him, the man sadly picked up the mattress and carried it into his house.)

promptly ['prɔmptli]ad. 迅速地 (e.g., After he had put it on the floor, he promptly went to sleep again.)

Lesson 50

ride [raid] n.旅行 (e.g., Taken for a ride)

excursion [ik'skə:ʃən] n.远足 (e.g., I went on an excursion recently.)

conductor [kən'dʌktə]n.售票员 (e.g., I said to the conductor as I got on the bus.)

view [vju:] n.景色 (e.g., I sat in the front of the bus to get a good view of the countryside.)

Lesson 51

reward [ri'wɔ:d] n.报偿 (e.g., Reward for virtue)

virtue ['və:tʃu:]n.美德

diet ['daiət] n.节食 (e.g., He decided to go on a diet.)

forbid [fə'bid]v.禁止 (e.g., He wrote out a long list of all the foods which were forbidden.)

hurriedly ['hʌridli]ad.匆忙地 (e.g., He led me into his room and hurriedly hid a large parcel under his desk.)

embarrass [im'bærəs] v.使尴尬 (e.g., It was obvious that he was very embarrass.)

guiltily ['giltili] ad.内疚地 (e.g., He smailed guiltily and then put the parcel on the desk.)

strict [strikt] a.严格的 (e.g., He explained that his diet was so strict that he had to reward himself occassionally.)

occasionally [ə'keiʒənəli]ad.偶尔地

Lesson 52

temporarily ['tempərərili]ad.暂时地 (e.g., I have temporarily put my books on the floor.)

inch [intʃ]n.英寸(度量单位) (e.g., They cover every inch of floor space.)

actually ['æktʃuəli] ad.实际上 (e.g., I actually have to walk on them to get in or out of the room.)

Lesson 53

fireman ['faiəmən] n.消防队员 (e.g., At last firemen have put out a big forest fire in California.)

cause [kɔ:z]v.引起 n.原因 (e.g., Forest fire are often caused by borken glass or by cigarette ends which people carelessly throw away.)

examine [ig'zæmin] v.检查 (e.g., The firemen examined the ground carefully.)

accidentally [ˌæksi'dentəli]ad.意外地,偶然地 (e.g., A fireman accidentally discovered the cause.)

remains [ri'meinz] n.尸体，残骸 (e.g., He noticed the remains of a snake which was wound round the electric wires of a 16,000-volt power line.)

wire ['waiə]n.电线

volt [vəult]n.伏特(电压单位)

power line 电力线

solve [sɔlv]v.解决 (e.g., In this way, he was able to solve the mystery.)

mystery ['mistəri] n.谜

snatch [snætʃ] v.抓住 (e.g., A bird had snatched up the snake from the ground.)

spark [spɑ:k]n.电火花 (e.g., When it did so, it sent sparks down to the ground and these immediately started a fire.)

Lesson 54

sticky ['stiki] a.粘的 (e.g., Sticky fingers)

pie [pai] n.馅饼 (e.g., I decided to make some meat pies.)

pastry ['peistri] n.面糊 (e.g., My hands were soon coverd with sticky pastry.)

annoying [ə'nɔiiŋ]a.恼人的 (e.g., Nothing could have been more annoying.)

receiver [ri'si:və] n.电话的话筒 (e.g., I picked up the receiver between two sticky fingers and was dismayed when I recognized the voice of Helen Bates.)

dismay [dis'mei] v.失望，泄气

recognize ['rekəgnaiz]v.认出，听出

persuade [pə'sweid]v.说服，劝说 (e.g., It took me ten minutes to persuade her to ring back later.)

mess [mes] n.乱七八糟 (e.g., What a mess!)

doorknob ['dɔ:nɔb]n.门把手 (e.g., There was pastry on my fingers, on the telephone, and on the doorknobs.)

sign [sain] v.签字 (e.g., He wanted me to sign for a registered letter.)

register ['redʒistə] v.挂号邮寄

Lesson 55

mine [main] n.矿 (e.g., Not a gold mine.)

treasure ['treʒə]n.财宝 (e.g., Dreams of finding lost treasure almost came true recently.)

revealer [ri'vi:lə] n.探测器 (e.g., A new machine called 'The Revealer' has been invented and it has been used to detect gold which has been buried in the ground.)

invent [in'vent] v.发明

detect [di'tekt] v.探测

bury ['beri] v.埋藏

cave [keiv] n.山洞 (e.g., The machine was used in a cave near the seashore where - it is said - pirates used to hide gold.)

seashore ['si:ʃɔ:] n.海岸

pirate ['paiərət] n.海盗

arm [ɑ:m]v.武装 (e.g., Armed with the new machine, a search party went into the cave hoping to find buried treasure.)

soil [sɔil]n.泥土 (e.g., The leader of the party was examining the soil near the entrance to the cave.)

entrance ['entrəns] n.入口

worthless ['wə:θləs] a.毫无价值的 (e.g., They finally found a small gold coin which was almost worthless.)

thoroughly ['θʌrəli] ad.彻底地 (e.g., The party then searched the whole cave thoroughly but did not find anything except an empty tin trunk.)

trunk [trʌŋk]n.行李箱 

confident ['kɔnfidənt]a.有信心的 (e.g., In spite of this, many people are confident that 'The Revealer' may reveal something of value fairly soon.)

Lesson 56

excitement [ik'saitmənt] n.激动，兴奋 (e.g., There was a great deal of excitement just before it began.)

handsome ['hænsəm] a.漂亮的，美观的 (e.g., One of the most handsome cars was a Rolls-Royce Silver Ghost.)

wheel [wi:l] n.轮子 (e.g., The most unusual car was a Benz which had only three wheels.)

explosion [ik'spləuʒən]n.爆炸，轰响 (e.g., After a great many loud explosions, the rece began.)

course [kɔ:s]n.跑道；行程 (e.g., Many of cars broke down on the course.)

rival ['raivəl]n.对手 (e.g., The winning car reached a speed of forty miles an hour - much faster than any of its rival.)

downhill [ˌdaun'hil] ad.下坡 (e.g., It sped downhill at the end of the race and its dirver had a lot of trouble trying to stop it.)

Lesson 57

jeans [dʒi:nz]n.牛仔裤 (e.g., A woman in jeans stood at the window of an expensive shop.)

hesitate ['heziteit]v.犹豫，迟疑 (e.g., Though she hesitated for a moment, she finally went in.)

serve [sə:v]v.接待(顾客) (e.g., The assistant who served her did not like the way she was dressed.)

scornfully ['skɔ:nfuli]ad.轻蔑地 (e.g., Glancing at her scornfully, he told her that the dress was sold.)

punish ['pʌniʃ]v.惩罚 (e.g., The woman decided to punish the assistant next day.)

fur [fə:]n.裘皮 (e.g., She returned to the shop the following morning dressed in a fur coat.)

eager ['i:gə]a.热切的，热情的 (e.g., The assistant was eager to serve her this time.)

Lesson 58

blessing ['blesiŋ] n.福分，福气 (e.g., A blessing in disguise)

disguise [dis'gaiz] n.伪装

tiny ['taini] a.极小的 (e.g., The tiny village of Frinley is said to possess a 'cursed tree'.)

possess [pə'zes]v.拥有

cursed ['kə:sid]a.可恨的

increase [in'kri:s, 'inkri:s] v.增加 (e.g., The number of visitors to Frinley has now increased.)

plant [plɑ:nt]v.种值 (e.g., The tree was planted near the church fifty years ago, but it is only in recent years that it has gained an evil reputation.)

church [tʃə:tʃ]n.教堂

evil ['i:vəl] a.坏的

reputation [repju'teiʃən]n.名声

claim [kleim] v.以…为其后果 (e.g., Many villagers believe that the tree has already claimed a number of victim.)

victim ['viktim] n.受害者，牺牲品

vicar ['vikə] n.教区牧师 (e.g., The vicar has been asked to have the tree cut down, but so far he has refused.)

income ['inkʌm]n.收入 (e.g., He has pointed out that the tree is a useful source of income.)

source [sɔ:s] n.来源

trunk [trʌŋk]n.树干 (e.g., In spite of all that has been said, the tourists have been picking leaves and cutting their names on the tree-trunk.)

Lesson 59

bark [bɑ:k]v.狗叫 (e.g., Our dog used to sit outside our front gate and bark.)

latch [lætʃ]n.门闩 (e.g., My husband spent weeks training him to press his paw on the latch to let himself in.)

paw [pɔ:] n.脚爪

expert ['ekspə:t] n.专家 (e.g., Rex soon became an expert at opening the gate.)

develop [di'veləp]v.养成 (e.g., Sice then, he has developed another bad habit.)

habit ['hæbit] n.习惯

Lesson 60

fair [feə]n.集市 (e.g., At a village fair, I decided to visit a fortune-teller called Madam Bellinsky.)

fortune-teller ['fɔ:tʃən'telə]n.算命人 

crystal ['kristəl] n.水晶 (e.g., She looked into a crystal ball.)

relation [ri'leiʃən] n.亲属 (e.g., A relation of yours is coming to see you.)

impatiently [im'peiʃəntli]ad.不耐烦地 (e.g., 'Where have you been hiding?' She asked impatiently.)

Lesson 61

Hubble ['hʌbl]n.哈勃 (e.g., The Hubble telescope was launched into space by NASA on April 10, 1990.)

telescope ['teliskəup]n.望远镜

launch [lɔ:ntʃ]v.发射

faulty ['fɔ:lti]a.有错误的 (e.g., The pictures it sent us were very disappointing because its main mirror was faulty.)

astronaut ['æstrənɔ:t] n.宇航员 (e.g., The shuttle Endeavour will be taking the astronauts to the Hubble.)

shuttle ['ʃʌtl]n.宇航飞机

Endeavour [in'devə]n.“奋进”号

robot-arm n.机器手 (e.g., A robot-arm from the Endeavour will garb the telescope and hold it while the astronauts make the necessary repairs.)

grab [græb] v.抓

atmosphere ['ætməsfiə] n.大气层 (e.g., Of course, the Hubble is above the earth's atmosphere, so it will soon be sending us the clearest pritures of the stars and distant galaxies that we have ever seen.)

distant ['distənt] a.遥远的

galaxy ['gæləkəsi] n.星系

eagle eye 鹰眼 (e.g., The Hubble's eagle eye will have sent us thousands and thousands of wonderful pictures.)

Lesson 62

desolate ['desəleit]a.荒凉的 (e.g., Now, smoke will rose up from the warm ground over the desolate hills.)

threaten ['θretn] v.威胁 (e.g., The hills threatened the surrounding villages with destruction, for heavy rain would not only wash away the soil but would cause serious floods as well.)

surrounding [sə'raundiŋ]a.周围的

destruction [di'strʌkʃən] n.破坏，毁灭

flood [flʌd]n.洪水，水灾

authority [ɔ:'θɔriti] n.(常用复数)当局 (e.g., The forest authority ordered several tons of a special type of grass-seed which would grow quickly.)

grass-seed ['gra:s'si:d] n.草籽

spray [sprei] v.喷撒 (e.g., The seed was sprayed over the ground in huge quantities by areoplanes.)

century ['sentʃəri]n.世纪 (e.g., In place of the great trees which had been growing there for centuries, pathes of green had begun to appear in the blackened soil.)

patch [pætʃ]n.小片

blacken ['blækən]v.变黑，发暗

Lesson 63

admire [əd'maiə]v.赞美，钦佩 (e.g., Everybody admires him for his great sense of humour.)

close [kləuz]a.亲密的 (e.g., One of his closest friends asked him to make a speech at a wedding reception.)

reception [ri'sepʃən] n.执行会

Lesson 64

tunnel ['tʌnl]n.隧道 (e.g., The tunnel would be well-ventilated if tall chimneys were built above sea level.)

port [pɔ:t]n.港口 (e.g., This platform would serve as a port and a railway station.)

ventilate ['ventileit] v.通风

chimney ['tʃimni]n.烟囱

sea leve l海平面

ventilation [ˌventi'leiʃən]n.通风 (e.g., This would solve the problem of ventilation.)

invasion [in'veiʒən] n.入侵，侵略 (e.g., If, at that time, the British had not feared invasion, it would have been completed.)

officially [ə'fiʃəli]ad.正式地 (e.g., It was offically opened on March 7,1994, finally connecting Britian to the European continent.)

continent ['kɔntinənt]n.大陆

Lesson 65

versus ['və:səs]prep.对 (e.g., Jumbo versus the police)

Christmas ['krisməs] n.圣诞节 (e.g., Last Christmas, the circus owner decided to take some presents to a children's hospital.)

circus ['sə:kəs]n.马戏团 

present [pri'zent, 'prezənt] n.礼物

accompany [ə'kʌmpəni]v.陪伴，随行 (e.g., Dressed up as Father Chirstmas and accompanied by a 'guard of honour' of six pretty girls, he set off down the main street of the city riding a baby elephant called Jumbo.)

approach [ə'prəutʃ]v.走近 (e.g., A policeman approached Jimmy and told him ought to have gone along a side street as Jumbo was holding up the traffic.)

ought [ɔ:t]modal verb 应该

weigh [wei] v.重 (e.g., Jumbo must weigh a few tons.)

fortunate ['fɔ:tʃənət]a.幸运的 (e.g., so it was fortunate that we didn't have to carry him.)

Lesson 66

Lancaster ['læŋkəstə] n.兰开斯特 (e.g., In 1963 a Lancaster bomber carshed on Wallis Island, a remote place in South Pacific, a long way west of Samoa.)

bomber ['bɔmə] n.轰炸机

remote [ri'məut] a.偏僻的

Pacific [pə'sifik]n.太平洋

damage ['dæmidʒ] v.毁坏 (e.g., The plane wasn't too badly damaged, but over the years, the crash was forgotten and the wreck remained undisturbed.)

wreck [rek] n.残骸

rediscover [ri:di'skʌvə] v.重新发现 (e.g., The plane was accidentally rediscovered in an aerial survey of the island.)

aerial ['eəriəl]a.航空的

survey ['sə:vei]n.调查

rescue ['reskju:] v.营救 (e.g., By this time, a Lancaster bomber in reasonable condition was rare and worth rescuing.)

package ['pækidʒ] v.把…打包 (e.g., The Franceh authorities had the plane packaged and moved in parts back to France.)

enthusiast [in'θju:ziæst] n.热心人 (e.g., Now a group of enthusiasts are going to have the plane restored.)

restore [ri'stɔ:]v.修复

imagine [i'mædʒin]v.想像 (e.g., Imagein their surprise and delight when they broke open the packing cases.)

packing ['pækiŋ] 包装箱

colony ['kɔləni]n.群 (e.g., A colony of bees had turned the engine into a hive and it was totally preserved in beeswax.)

bee [bi:] n.蜂

hive [haiv] n.蜂房

preserve [pri'zə:v] v.保护

beeswax ['bi:zwæks] n.蜂蜡

Lesson 67

volcano [vɔl'keinəu] n.火山 (e.g., Tasieff was able to set up his camp very close to the volcano while it was erupting violently.)

erupt [i'rʌpt]v.(火山)喷发

violently ['vaiələntli] ad.猛烈地，剧烈地

manage ['mænidʒ] v.设法 (e.g., Though he managed to take a number of brilliant photographs, he could not stay near the volcano for very long.)

brilliant ['briliənt] a.精彩的

liquid ['likwid] a.液态的 (e.g., He noticed that a river of liquid rock was coming towards him.)

Lesson 68

persistent [pə'sistənt]a.坚持的，固执的

insist [in'sist] v.坚持做 (e.g., No matter how busy you are, he always insists on coming with you. )

Lesson 69

murder ['mə:də] n.谋杀 (e.g., But not murder!)

instruct [in'strʌkt] v.命令，指示 (e.g., After having been instructed to drive out of town, I began to acquire confidence.)

acquire [ə'kwaiə] v.取得，获得

confidence ['kɔnfidəns]n.信心

examiner [ig'zæminə] n.主考人 (e.g., The examiner must have been pleased with my performance.)

suppose [sə'pəuz] v.假设 (e.g., Let us suppose that a child suddenly crosses the road in front of you.)

tap [tæp] v.轻敲 (e.g., The examiner tapped loudly, Though the sound could be heard clearly, it took me a long time to react.)

react [ri'ækt] v.反应

brake [breik] n.刹车 (e.g., I suddenly pressed the brake pedal and we were both thrown forward.)

pedal ['pedəl] n.踏板

mournful ['mɔ:nful]a.悲哀的 (e.g., 'Mr.Eames,' he said, in a mournful voice, 'you have just killed that child!')

Lesson 70

bullfight ['bulfait] n.斗牛 (e.g., During a bullfight, a drunk suddenly wandered into the middle of the ring. )

drunk [drʌŋk]n.醉汉

wander ['wɔndə,'wɑ:n:dər] v.溜达，乱走

ring [riŋ] n.圆形竞技场地

unaware [ˌʌnə'weə]a.不知道的，示觉察的 (e.g., The drunk was unaware of the danger.)

bull [bul] n.公牛 (e.g., The bull was busy with the matador at the time, but it suddenly caught sight of the drunk who was shouting rude remarks and waving a red cap.)

matador ['mætədɔ:] n.斗牛士

remark [ri'mɑ:k] n.评论；言语

apparently [ə'pærəntli]ad.明显地 (e.g., Apparently sensitive to criticism, the bull forgot all about the matador and charged at the drunk.)

sensitive ['sensitiv] a.敏感的

criticism ['kritisizəm] n.批评

charge [tʃɑ:dʒ]v.冲上去

clumsily ['klʌmzili]ad.笨拙地 (e.g., When the bull got close to him, he clumsily stepped aside to let it pass.)

bow [bau] v.鞠躬 (e.g., The crowd broke into cheers and the drunk bowed.)

safety ['seifti] n.安全地带 (e.g., They quickly dragged the drunk to safety.)

sympathetically [ˌsimpə'θetikəli] ad.同情地 (e.g., Even the bull seemed to feel sorry for him, for it looked on sympathetically until the drunk was out of the way before once more turning its attention to the matador.)

Lesson 71

parliament ['pɑ:ləmənt]n.议会，国会 (e.g., If the Houses of Parliament had not been burned down in 1834, the great clock would never have been erected.)

erect [i'rekt] v.建起

accurate ['ækjurət] a.准确的 (e.g., It is not only of immense size, but is extremely accurate as well.)

official [ə'fiʃəl]n.官员，行政人员 (e.g., Officials from Greenwich Observatory have the clock checked twice a day.)

Greenwich ['grinidʒ] n.格林威治 

observatory [əb'zə:vətəri]n.天文台

check [tʃek]v.检查

microphone ['maikrəfəun]n.扩音器，麦克风 (e.g., On the B.B.C. you can hear the clock when it is actually striking because microphones are connected to the clock tower.)

tower ['tauə] n.塔

Lesson 72

racing ['reisiŋ] n.竞赛 (e.g., The great racing driver, Sir Malcolm Campbell, was the first man to drive at over 300 miles per hour.)

per [pə:]prep.每

horsepower ['hɔ:sˌpauə]n.马力 (e.g., It was over 30 feet in length and had a 2,500-horsepower engine. )

burst [bə:st]v.爆裂 (e.g., He had great difficulty in controlling the car because a tyre burst during the first run.)

average ['ævəridʒ] a.平均的 (e.g., After his attempt, Campbell was disappointed to learn that his average speed had been 299 miles per hour.)

footstep ['futstep] n.足迹 (e.g., Following in his father's footsteps many years later, Sir Malcolm's son, Donald, also set up a world record. Like his father, he was driving a car called Bluebird.)

Lesson 73

record-holder ['rekɔ:d'həuldə] 纪录保持者 (e.g., The record-holder)

truant ['tru:ənt] n.逃学的孩子 (e.g., They have all been put to shame by a boy who while playing truant, travelled 1,600 miles.)

unimaginative [ˌʌni'mædʒinətiv]a.缺乏想象力的 (e.g., Children who play truant from school are unimaginative.)

shame [ʃeim]n.惭愧，羞耻 

hitchhike ['hitʃhaik] v.搭便车旅行 (e.g., He hitchhike to Dover and, towards evening, went into a boat to find somewhere to sleep.)

meantime ['mi:ntaim] n.其间 (e.g., When he woke up next morning, he discovered that the boat had, in the meantime, travelled to Calais.)

lorry ['lɔri]n.卡车 (e.g., No one noticed the boy as he crept off. From there, he hitchhiked to Paris in a lorry.)

evade [i'veid] v.逃避，逃离 (e.g., He has surely set up a record for the thousands of children who dream of evading school.)

Lesson 74

limelight ['laimlait] n.舞台灯光 (e.g., Out of the limelight)

precaution [pri'kɔ:ʃən] n.预防措施 (e.g., They had taken special precautions so that no one should recognize them.)

shady ['ʃeidi]a.遮荫的 (e.g., They had carried two large food baskets to a shady spot under some trees.)

sheriff ['ʃerif]n.司法长官 (e.g., I'm sheriff here.)

sneer [sniə]n.冷笑 (e.g., 'Oh, is it?' said the sheriff with a sneer.)

Lesson 75

thick [θik] a.厚的 (e.g., Snow lay thick on the ground.)

stamp [stæmp] v.跺，踩 (e.g., She stamped out the letters 'SOS' in the snow.)

helicopter ['helikɔptə] n.直升飞机 (e.g., It was not long before a helicopter arrived on the sense to rescue the survivors of the plane crash.)

scene [si:n] n.现场

survivor [sə'vaivə]n.幸存者

Lesson 76

fool [fu:l] n.傻瓜 (e.g., April Fool's Day)

bulletin ['bulətin] n.亲闻简报 (e.g., 'To end our special news bulletin,' said the voice of the television announcer, 'we're going over to the macaroni field of Calabria.)

announcer [ə'naunsə]n.(电视、电台)播音员

macaroni [ˌmækə'rəuni] n.通心面，空心面条

leading ['li:diŋ] a.主要的 (e.g., Two of the leading growers, tell me that they have been expecting a splendid crop this year and harvesting has begun earlier than usual.)

grower ['grəuə]n.种植者

splendid ['splendid] a.极好的

harvest [ˈhɑːvɪst] v. 收割，收获；采集，搜集

stalk [stɔ:k]n.梗 (e.g., Here you can see two workers who, between them, have just finished cutting three cartloads of golden brown macaroni stalks.)

gather ['gæeə] v.收庄稼 (e.g., The whole village has been working day and night gathering and threshing this year's crop before the September rains.)

thresh [θreʃ]v.打(庄稼)

process ['prəuses]v.加工 (e.g., Mrs. Brabante is talking to the manager of the local factory where the crop is processed.)

signor ['si:njɔ:] n.(意大利语)先生 (e.g., Signor Fratelli, the present champion, has won it every year since 1991.)

present [pri'zent, 'prezənt] a.目前的

champion ['tʃæmpiən]n.冠军

studio ['stju:diəu] n.播音室 (e.g., We're now going back to the studio.)

Lesson 77

mummy ['mʌmi]n.木乃伊 (e.g., The mummy of an Egyptian woman who died in 800 B.C. has just had an operation.)

Egyptian [i'dʒipʃən]a.埃及的

temple ['tempəl] n.庙 (e.g., The mummy is that of Shepenmut who was once a singer in the Temple of Thebes.)

mark [mɑ:k]n.斑点 (e.g., As there were strange marks on the X-ray plates taken of the mummy, doctors have been trying to find out whether the woman died of a rare disease.)

plate [pleit] n.(照相)底片

disease [di'zi:z] n.疾病

last [lɑ:st]v.持续 (e.g., The operation, which lasted for over four hours, proved to be very difficult because of the hard resin which covered the skin.)

prove [pru:v] v.显示出

resin ['rezin] n.树脂

skin [skin] n.皮，皮肤

section ['sekʃən]n.切片 (e.g., The doctors removed a section of the mummy and sent it to a laboratory.)

laboratory [ləˈbɒrətri] n. 实验室，实验大楼

figure ['figə] n.(人的)体形；人像 (e.g., A small wax figure of the god Duamutef)

normally ['nɔ:məli]ad.通常地 (e.g., This god which has the head of a cow was normally placed inside a mummy.)

survive [sə'vaiv]v.幸免于 (e.g., The mummy successfully survived the operation.)

Lesson 78

entitle [in'taitl] v.以…为名 (e.g., After reading an article entitled 'Cigarette Smoking and Your Health' I lit a cigarette to calm my nerves.)

calm [kɑ:m]v.使镇定

nerve [nə:v]n.神经

concentration [ˌkɔnsən'treiʃən]n.集中，专心 (e.g., I smoked with concentration and pleasure as I was sure that this would be my last cigarette.)

suffer ['sʌfə]v.受苦，受害 (e.g., For a whole week I did not smoke at all and during this time, my wife suffered terribly.)

terribly [ˈterəbli] adv. 很，非常；非常糟地，严重地

symptom ['simptəm] n.症状 (e.g., I had all the usual symptoms of someone giving up smoking: a bad temper and an enormous appetite.)

temper ['tempə] n.脾气 

appetite ['æpitait] n.胃口，食欲

produce [prə'dju:s,'prɔdju:s] v.拿出 (e.g., They made no effort to hide their amusement whenever I produced a packet of sweets from my pocket.)

urge [ə:dʒ]v.力劝，怂恿 (e.g., When my old friend Brian urged me to accept a cigarette, it was more than I could bear.)

satisfaction [ˌsætis'fækʃən] n.满意，满足 (e.g., I took one guiltily, lit it and smoked with satisfaction.)

delighted [di'laitid] a.欣喜的 (e.g., My wife was delighted that things had returned to normal once more.)

Lesson 79

flight attendant ['flait əˌtendənt] 空中乘务员 (e.g., A flight attendant would take charge of me and I never had an unpleasant experience.)

frightened ['fraitnd]a.害怕，担惊 (e.g., I am used to traveling by air and only on one occasion have I ever felt frightened.)

curious ['kjuəriəs] a.急于了解，好奇的 (e.g., Everybody on board was worried and we were curious to find out what had happened.)

bomb [bɔm]n.炸弹 (e.g., The police had been told that a bomb had been planted on the plane.)

plant [plɑ:nt]v.安放 

Lesson 80

palace ['pælis] n.宫殿 (e.g., Perhaps the most extraordinary building of the nineteeth century was the Crystal Palace, which was built in Hyde Park for the Great Exhibition of 1851.)

extraordinary [ik'strɔ:dinəri] a.不平常的.非凡的

exhibition [eksi'biʃ(ə)n] n.展览 

iron ['aiən]n.铁 (e.g., It was made of iron and glass.)

various ['veəriəs] a.各种各样的 (e.g., A great many goods were sent to the exhibition from various parts of the world.)

machinery [mə'ʃi:nəri]n.机器 (e.g., There was also a great deal of machinery on display.)

display [di'splei] n.展览 

steam [sti:m] n.蒸汽 (e.g., The most wonderful piece of machinery on show was Nasmyth's steam hammer. Though in those days, traveling was not as easy as it is today, steam boats carried thousands of visitors across the Channel from Europe.)

profit ['prɔfit]n.利润 (e.g., There were six million visitors in all, and the profits from the exhibition were used to build museums and colleges.)

Lesson 81

prisoner ['prizənə] n.囚犯 (e.g., When he had killed the guard, the prisoner of war quickly dragged him into the bushes.)

bush [buʃ]n.灌木丛

rapidly ['ræpidli] ad.迅速地 (e.g., Working rapidly in the darkness, he soon changed into the dead man's clothes.)

uniform ['ju:nifɔ:m] n.制服 (e.g., Now, dressed in a blue uniform and with a rifle over his shoulder, the prisoner marched boldly up and down in front of the camp.)

rifle ['raifl] n.来福枪，步枪

shoulder ['ʃəuldə]n.肩 

march [mɑ:tʃ]v.行进 

boldly ['bəuldli]ad.大胆地

blaze [bleiz] v.闪耀 (e.g., Lights were blazing and men were running here and there: they had just discovered that a prisoner had escaped.)

salute [sə'lu:t]v.行礼 (e.g., The officers got out and the prisoner stood to attention and saluted as they passed.)

elderly ['eldəli] a.上了年纪的 (e.g., He was rather elderly with grey hair and clear blue eyes.)

grey [grei]a.灰白的

sharp [ʃɑ:p]a.猛烈的

blow [bləu]n.打击

Lesson 82

monster ['mɔnstə]n.怪物 (e.g., Fishermen and sailors sometimes claim to have seen monsters in the sea.)

sailor ['seilə] n.海员

sight [sait] v.见到 (e.g., it is now known that many of these 'monsters' which have at times been sighted are simply strange fish.)

creature ['kri:tʃə] n.动物，生物 (e.g., Occasionally, unusual creatures are washed to the shore, but they are rarely caught out at sea.)

peculiar [pi'kju:liə] a.奇怪的，不寻常的 (e.g., Some time ago, however, a peculiar fish was caught near Madagascar.)

shining ['ʃainiŋ] a.闪闪发光的 (e.g., It had a head like a horse, big blue eyes, shining silver skin, and a bright red tail.)

tail [teɪl] n. （动物的）尾巴；（一些蝴蝶的）狭翅须；

oarfish ['ɔ:fiʃ]n.桨鱼 (e.g., The fish, which has since been sent to a museum where it is being examined by a scientist, is called an oarfish.)

Lesson 83

election [i'lekʃən] n.选举 (e.g., The former Prime Minister, Mr. Wentworth Lane, was defeated in the recent elections.)

former ['fɔ:mə]a.从前的 

defeat [di'fi:t] v.打败

fanatical [fə'nætikəl]a.狂热的 (e.g., My friend, Patrick, has always been a fanatical opponent of Mr. Lane's Radical Progressive Party.)

opponent [ə'pəunənt]n.反对者，对手

radical ['rædikəl] a.激进的 

progressive [prə'gresiv]a.进步的

suspicious [sə'spiʃəs]a.怀疑的 (e.g., Though a little suspicious this time, the policeman gave him the same answer.)

Lesson 84

strike [straik] n.罢工 (e.g., Busmen have decided to go on strike next week.)

busman ['bʌsmən]n.公共汽车司机

state [steit] v.正式提出，宣布 (e.g., The busmen have stated that the strike will continue until general agreement is reached about pay and working conditions.)

agreement [ə'gri:mənt]n.协议

relieve [ri'li:v] v.减轻 (e.g., This will relieve pressure on the trains to some extent.)

pressure ['preʃə] n.压力，麻烦

extent [ik'stent] n.程度

volunteer [ˌvɔlən'tiə]v.自动提出，自愿 (e.g., Meanwhile, a number of university students have volunteered to drive buses while the strike lasts.)

gratitude ['grætitju:d] n.感激 (e.g., But so far, the public has expressed its gratitude to the students in letters to the Press.)

Press [pres] n.新闻界

object ['ɔbdʒiktˌ əb'dʒekt] v.不赞成，反对 (e.g., Only one or two people have objected that the students will drive too fast!)

Lesson 85

inform [in'fɔ:m] v.告诉，通知 (e.g., I have just received a letter from my old school, informing me that my former headmaster, Mr. Stuart Page, will be retiring next week.)

headmaster [ˌhed'mɑ:stə] n.校长

contribute [kən'tribju:t]v.捐助，援助 (e.g., All those who have contributed towards the gift will sign their names in a large album which will be sent to the headmaster's home.)

gift [gift] n.礼物，赠品

album ['ælbəm] n.签名簿，相册

patience ['peiʃəns] n.耐心 (e.g., We shall all remember Mr. Page for his patience and understanding and for the kindly encouragement he gave us when we went so unwillingly to school.)

encouragement [in'kʌridʒmənt] n.鼓励

farewell [feə'wel]n.告别 (e.g., A great many former pupils will be attending a farewell dinner in his honour next Thursday.)

honour ['ɔnə] n.敬意

coincidence [kəu'insidəns]n.巧合 (e.g., It is a curious coincidence that the day before his retirement, Mr. Page will have been teaching for a total of forty years.)

total ['təutl]n.总数

devote [di'vəut] v.致力于 (e.g., After he has retired, he will devote himself to gardening.)

gardening ['gɑ:dəniŋ]n.园艺

hobby ['hɔbi] n.爱好，嗜好 (e.g., For him, this will be an entirely new hobby.)

Lesson 86

swing [swiŋ] v.转向 (e.g., As the man tried to swing the speedboat round, the steering wheel came away in his hands.)

speedboat ['spi:dbəut] n.快艇

desperately ['despəritli] ad.绝望地 (e.g., He waved desperately to his companion, who had been water skiing for the last fifteen minutes.)

companion [kəm'pæniən]n.同伙，同伴

water ski (由快艇牵引水橇)滑水

buoy [bɔi]n.浮标 (e.g., The speedboat had struck a buoy, but it continued to move very quickly across the water.)

dismay [dis'mei] n.沮丧 (e.g., Both men had just begun to swim towards the shore, when they noticed with dismay that the speedboat was moving in a circle.)

tremendous [tri'mendəs] a.巨大的 (e.g., It now came straight towards them at tremendous speed.)

petrol ['petrəl] n.汽油 (e.g., The petrol had nearly all been used up.)

drift [drift] v.漂动，漂流 (e.g, Before long, the noise dropped completely and the boat began to drift gently across the water.)

gently ['dʒentli]ad.缓慢地，轻轻地

Lesson 87

alibi ['æləbai] n.不在犯罪现场 (e.g., A perfect alibi)

commit [kə'mit] v.犯(罪、错) (e.g., At the time the murder was committed, I was travelling on the 8 o'clock train to London.)

inspector [in'spektə] n.探长 (e.g., 'Do you always catch such an early train?' asked the inspector.)

employer [im'plɔiə] n.雇主 (e.g., My employer will confirm that I was there on time.)

confirm [kən'fə:m] v.确认，证实

suggest [sə'dʒest] v.提醒 (e.g., 'I suggest,' said the inspector, 'that you are not telling the truth.')

truth [tru:θ] n.真相

Lesson 88

trap [træp] v.陷入，使陷于困境 (e.g., Six men have been trapped in a mine for seventeen hours.)

surface ['sə:fis]n.地面，表面 (e.g., If they are not brought to the surface soon they may lose their lives.)

explosive [ik'spləusiv] n.炸药 (e.g., If explosives are used, vibrations will cause the roof of the mine to collapse.)

vibration [vai'breiʃən] n.震动

collapse [kə'læps] v.坍塌 (e.g., )

drill [dril] v.钻孔 (e.g., Rescue workers are therefore drilling a hole on the north side of the mine.)

capsule ['kæpsju:l] n.容器 (e.g., They intend to bring the men up in a special capsule.)

beneath [bi'ni:θ] prep.在…之下 (e.g., If there had not been a hard layer of rock beneath the soil, they would have completed the job in a few hours.)

lower ['ləuə]v.放下，降低 (e.g., Meanwhile, a microphone, which was lowered into the mine two hours ago, has enabled the men to keep in touch with their closest relatives.)

progress ['prəugres,prə'gres] v.进展，进行 (e.g., They have been told that rescue operations are progressing smoothly.)

smoothly ['smu:eli] ad.顺利地

Lesson 89

slip [slip] n.小错误 (e.g., A slip of the tongue)

comedy ['kɔmidi] n.喜剧 (e.g., When the news got round that a comedy show would be presented at our local cinema by the P. and U. Bird Seed Company, we all rushed to see it.)

present [pri'zent, 'prezənt] v.演出 a.出席，到场的 

queue [kju:] v.排队 (e.g., We had to queue for hours to get in and there must have been several hundred people present just before the show began.)

dull [dʌl]a.枯燥，无味 (e.g., Unfortunately, the show was one of the dullest we have ever seen.)

artiste [ɑ:'ti:st]n.艺人 (e.g., Those who failed to get in need not have felt disappointed, as many of the artistes who should have appeared did not come.)

advertiser ['ædvətaizə] n.报幕员 (e.g., The only funny things we heard that evening came from the advertiser at the beginning of the programme.)

Lesson 90

chip [tʃip]n.油煎豆片 (e.g., Fish and chips has always been a favourite dish in Britain, but as the oceans have been overfished, fish has become more and more expensive.)

overfish [əuvə'fiʃ]v.过度捕捞

giant ['dʒaiənt]a.巨大的 (e.g., So it comes as a surprise to learn that giant fish are terrifying the divers on North Sea oil rigs.)

terrify ['terifai] v.吓，使恐怖

diver ['daivə] n.潜水员

oil rig ['ɔilˌrig] 石油钻塔

wit [wit]n.(复数)理智，头脑 (e.g., They have been frightened out of their wits by giant fish bumping into them as they work.)

cage [keidʒ] n.笼 (e.g., Now they have had special cages made to protect them from these monsters.)

shark [ʃɑ:k]n.鲨鱼 (e.g., The fish are not sharks or killer whales, but favourite eating varieties like cod and skate which grow to unnatural sizes, sometimes as much as twelve feet in length.)

whale [weil] n.鲸

variety [və'raiəti]n.品种

cod [kɔd]n.鳕

skate [skeit] n.鳐

factor ['fæktə] n.因素 (e.g., Three factors have caused these fish to grow so large.)

crew [kru:] n.全体工作人员 (e.g., The plentiful supply of food thrown overboard by the crews on the rigs)

Lesson 91

balloon [bə'lu:n] n.气球 (e.g., A pilot noticed a balloon which seemed to be making for a Royal Air Force Station nearby.)

royal ['rɔiəl]a.皇家

spy [spai] v.侦察 (e.g., He said that someone might be spying on the station and the pilot was ordered to keep track of the strange object.)

track [træk] n.轨迹，踪迹

binoculars [bi'nɔkjuləz] n.望远镜 (e.g., He could make out three men in a basket under it and one of them was holding a pair of binoculars.)

Lesson 92

fast [fɑ:st]ad.熟(睡) (e.g., I tried to wake up my wife by ringing the doorbell, but she was fast asleep, so I got a ladder from the shed in the garden, put it against the wall, and began climbing towards the bedroom window.)

ladder ['lædə] n.梯子

shed [ʃed]n.棚子

sarcastic [sɑ:'kæstik,sɑr-] a.讽刺的，讥笑的 (e.g., I was almost there when a sarcastic voice below said, 'I don't think the windows need cleaning at this time of the night.')

tone [təun]n.语气，腔调 (e.g., 'So do I,' answered the policeman in the same tone.)

Lesson 93

noble ['nəubəl]a.高尚的，壮丽的 (e.g., A noble gift)

monument ['mɔnjumənt]n.纪念碑 (e.g., One of the most famous monuments in the world, the Statue of Liberty, was presented to the United States of America in the nineteenth century by the people of France.)

statue ['stætʃu:] n.雕像

liberty ['libəti] n.自由

present [pri'zent, 'prezənt] v.赠送 

sculptor ['skʌlptə] n.雕刻家 (e.g., The great statue, which was designed by the sculptor Auguste Bartholdi, took ten years to complete.)

actual ['æktʃuəl] a.实际的，真实的 (e.g., The actual figure was made of copper supported by a metal framework which had been especially constructed by Eiffel.)

copper ['kɔpə]n.铜

support [sə'pɔ:t] v.支持，支撑 

framework ['freimwə:k] n.构架，框架

transport [træn'spɔ:t] v.运送 (e.g., Before it could be transported to the United States, a site had to be found for it and a pedestal had to be built.)

site [sait] n.场地 

pedestal ['pedistl] n.底座

Lesson 94

instruct [in'strʌkt] v.指导，传授 (e.g., Experiments have proved that children can be instructed in swimming at a very early age.)

reluctant [ri'lʌktənt] a.勉强的，不愿意的 (e.g., Babies of two months old do not appear to be reluctant to enter the water.)

weight [weit] n.重物 (e.g., It is not long before they are so accustomed to swimming that they can pick up weights from the floor of the pool.)

underwater [ˌʌndə'wɔ:tə]a.水下的 (e.g., A game that is very popular with these young swimmers is the underwater tricycle race)

tricycle ['traisikəl] n.三轮车 

compete [kəm'pi:t]v.比赛，对抗 (e.g., The children compete against each other to reach the other end of the pool.)

yard [jɑ:d]n.码 (e.g., Meanwhile, they should encourage those among us who cannot swim five yards before they are gasping for air.)

gasp [gɑ:sp]v.喘气

Lesson 95

definitely ['definitli] ad.肯定地 (e.g., I must definitely get that fellow posted.)

post [pəust]v.派任

shot [ʃɔt]n.子弹 (e.g., Someone fired a shot through my office window.)

Lesson 96

festival ['festivəl] n.节日 (e.g., A Festival for the Dead is held once a year in Japan.)

lantern ['læntən] n.灯笼 (e.g., Specially-made lanterns are hung outside each house to help the dead to find their way.)

spectacle ['spektəkəl] n.景象，壮观，场面 (e.g., This is a moving spectacle, for crowds of people stand on the shore watching the lanterns drifting away until they can be seen no more.)



## New Concept English 3: Developing Skills

Lesson 1

puma ['pju:mә] n.美洲狮 (e.g., A Puma at large)

spot [spɔt] v.看出，发现 (e.g., When reports came into London Zoo that a wild puma had been spotted forty-five miles south of London, they were not taken seriously. )

evidence ['evidәns] n.证据 (e.g., However, as the evidence began to accumulate, experts from the Zoo felt obliged to investigate, for the descriptions given by people who claimed to have seen the puma were extraordinarily similar.)

accumulate [ә'kju:mjuleit] v.积累，积聚 (e.g., )

oblige [ә'blaidʒ] v.使…感到必须 (e.g., )

hunt [hʌnt] n.追猎；寻找；v.打猎 (e.g., The hunt for the puma began in a small village where a woman picking blackberries saw 'a large cat' only five yards away from her.)

blackberry ['blækbәri] n.黑莓 (e.g., )

human ['hju:mәn] 人类 (e.g., It immediately ran away when she saw it, and experts confirmed that a puma will not attack a human being unless it is cornered.)

corner ['kɔ:nә] v.使走投无路，使陷入困境；n.角落 (e.g., )

trail [treil] n.一串，一系列 (e.g., Wherever it went, it left behind it a trail of dead deer and small animals like rabbits.)

print [print] n.印痕 (e.g., Paw prints were seen in a number of places and puma fur was found clinging to bushes. )

cling [kliŋ] v.粘 (e.g., )

convince [kәn'vins] v.使…信服 (e.g., The experts were now fully convinced that the animal was a puma, but where had it come from?)

somehow ['sʌmhau] ad.不知怎么搞的，不知什么原因 (e.g.,  As no pumas had been reported missing from any zoo in the country, this one must have been in the possession of a private collector and somehow managed to escape.)

disturb [dis'tә:b] v.令人不安 (e.g., It is disturbing to think that a dangerous wild animal is still at large in the quiet countryside.)
 

Lesson 2

equal ['i:kwәl] v.等于 (e.g., Thirteen equals one)

vicar ['vikә] n.牧师 (e.g., Our vicar is always raising money for one cause or another, but he has never managed to get enough money to have the church clock repaired.)

raise ['reiz] v.募集，筹(款) (e.g., )

torchlight ['tɔ:tʃlait] n.电筒光 (e.g., In the torchlight, he caught sight of a figure whom he immediately recognized as Bill Wilkins, our local grocer.)

 

Lesson 3

goddess ['gɔdis] n.女神 (e.g., An unknown goddess)

archaeologist ['a:ki'ɔlәdʒist] n.考古学家 (e.g., Some time ago, an interesting discovery was made by archaeologists on the Aegean island of Kea.)

aegean [i:'dʒi:әn] a.爱琴海的 (e.g., )

explore [iks'plɔ:] v.考察，勘探 (e.g., An American team explored a temple which stands in an ancient city on the promontory of Ayia Irini.)

promontory ['prɔmәntәri] n.海角 (e.g., )

prosperous ['prɔspәrәs] a.(经济上)繁荣的，昌盛的 (e.g., The city at one time must have been prosperous, for it enjoyed a high level of civilization.)

civilization ['sivilai'zeiʃәn] n.文明 (e.g., )

storey ['stɔ:ri] n.楼层 (e.g., Houses -- often three storeys high -- were built of stone.)

drainage ['dreinidʒ] n.排水 (e.g., The city was equipped with a drainage system, for a great many clay pipes were found beneath the narrow streets.)

worship ['wә:ʃip] n.祟拜 (e.g., The temple which the archaeologists explored was used as a place of worship from the fifteenth century B.C. until Roman times.)

sacred ['seikrid] a.宗教的，神圣的 (e.g., In the most sacred room of temple, clay fragments of fifteen statues were found. )

fragment ['frægmәnt] n.碎片 (e.g., )

remains [ri'meinz] n.遗物，遗迹，废墟 (e.g., The body of one statue was found among remains dating from the fifteenth century B.C. )

classical ['klæsikәl] a.(希腊和罗马)古文化的 (e.g., This head must have been found in Classical times and carefully preserved.)

reconstruct ['ri:kәns'trʌkt] v.修复 (e.g., When the archaeologists reconstructed the fragments, they were amazed to find that the goddess turned out to be a very modern-looking woman. )

rest [rest] v.倚放，放置 (e.g., She stood three feet high and her hands rested on her hips.)

hip [hip] n.屁股，臀部 (e.g., )

full-length a.(裙衣)拖地长的 (e.g., She was wearing a full-length skirt which swept the ground.)

graceful ['greisful] a.优雅的 (e.g., Despite her great age, she was very graceful indeed, but, so far, the archaeologists have been unable to discover her identity.)

identity [ai'dentiti] n.身份 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 4

manual ['mænjuәl] a.体力的 (e.g., These days, people who do manual work often receive far more money than people who work in offices.)

collar ['kɔlә] n.衣领 (e.g., People who work in offices are frequently referred to as "white-collar workers' for the simple reason that they usually wear a collar and tie to go to work.)

sacrifice ['sækrifais] v.牺牲，献出 (e.g., Such is human nature, that a great many people are often willing to sacrifice higher pay for the privilege of becoming white-collar workers. )

privilege ['privilidʒ] n.好处，特权 (e.g., )

dustman ['dʌstmәn] n.清洁工 (e.g., This can give rise to curious situations, as it did in the case of Alfred Bloggs who worked as a dustman for the Ellesmere Corporation.)

corporation ['kɔ:pә'reiʃәn] n.公司 (e.g., )

overalls n.工作服 (e.g., He then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman. )

shower ['ʃәuә, 'ʃauә] n.淋浴 (e.g., Before returning home at night, he took a shower and changed back into his suit. )

secret ['si:krit] n.秘密 (e.g., Alf did this for over two years and his fellow dustmen kept his secret.)

status ['steitәs] n.地位 (e.g., He will be earning only half as much as he used to, but he feels that his rise in status is well worth the loss of money. )

 

Lesson 5

editor ['editә] n.编辑 (e.g., Editors of newspapers and magazines often go to extremes to provide their reader with unimportant facts and statistics. )

extreme [iks'tri:m] n.极端 (e.g., )

statistics [stә'tistiks] n.统计数字 (e.g., )

journalist ['dʒә:nәlist] n.新闻记者 (e.g., Last year a journalist had been instructed by a well-known magazine to write an article on the president's palace in a new African republic.)

president ['prezidәnt] n.总统 (e.g., )

palace ['pælis] n.王宫；宏伟的住宅 (e.g., )

publish ['pʌbliʃ] v.出版 (e.g., When the article arrived, the editor read the first sentence and then refuse to publish it.)

fax [fæks] n.传真 (e.g., The editor at once sent the journalist a fax instructing him find out the exact number of steps and the height of the wall.)

impatient [im'peiʃәnt] a.不耐烦的 (e.g., The journalist immediately set out to obtain these important facts, but the took a long time to send them Meanwhile, the editor was getting impatient, for the magazine would soon go to press.)

fire ['faiә] v.解雇 (e.g., He sent yet another fax informing the journalist that if he did not reply soon he would be fired.)

originally [ә'ridʒәnәli] ad.起初，原先，从前 (e.g., When the journalist again failed to reply, the editor reluctantly published the article as it had originally been written.)

 

Lesson 6

smash-and-grab  n.砸窗户抢劫

arcade [a:'keid] n.有拱廊的街道(两旁常设商店) (e.g., At this time of the morning, the arcade was almost empty. )

Piccadilly [pikә'dili] n.皮卡迪利大街（伦敦市中心一条著名的街道） (e.g., )

jewellery ['dʒu:әlri] n.珠宝(总称) (e.g., Mr. Taylor, the owner of a jewellery shop was admiring a new display.)

necklace ['neklis] n.项链 (e.g., Diamond necklaces and rings had been beautifully arranged on a background of black velvet. )

ring [riŋ] n.戒指；环形物 (e.g., )

background ['bækgraund] n.背景 (e.g., )

velvet ['velvit] n.天鹅绒，丝绒 (e.g., )

headlight ['hedlait] n.(汽车等)前灯 (e.g., The silence was suddenly broken when a large car, with its headlights on and its home blaring, roared down the arcade. )

blare [blєә] v.发嘟嘟声，吼叫 (e.g., )

staff [sta:f] n.全体工作人员 (e.g., He and his staff began throwing furniture out of the window.)

raid [reid] n.偷袭 (e.g., The raid was all over in three minutes, for the men scrambled back into the car and it moved off at a fantastic speed.)

scramble ['skræmbl] v.爬行 (e.g., )

fantastic [fæn'tæstik] a.非常大的 (e.g., )

ashtray ['æʃtrei] n.烟灰缸 (e.g., Just as it was leaving, Mr. Taylor rushed out and ran after it throwing ashtrays and vases, but it was impossible to stop the thieves. )

 

Lesson 7

mutilate ['mju:tileit] v.使残缺不全，毁坏 (e.g., Mutilated ladies)

chew [tʃu:] v.咀嚼 (e.g., Dogs, it seems, love to chew up money!)

fiancé [fi'ɑ:nsei] n.未婚夫 (e.g., A recent case concerns Jane Butlin whose fiancé, John, runs a successful furniture business.)

microwave ['maikrәweiv] n.微波，微波炉 (e.g., John had very good day and put his wallet containing $3,000 into the microwave oven for safekeeping.)

oven ['ʌvn] n.炉灶 (e.g., )

safekeeping ['seif'ki:piŋ] n.妥善保管 (e.g., )

Newcastle ['nju:'ka:sl] n.纽卡斯尔(英国港口城市) (e.g., )

identify [ai'dentifai] v.鉴定，识别 (e.g., 'So long as there's something to identify, we will give people their money back,' said a spokeswoman for the Bank. )

spokeswoman  n.女发言人

 

Lesson 8

monastery ['mɔnәstri] n.寺院，修道院 (e.g., The famous monastery of St. Bernard, witch was founded in eleventh century, lies about a mile away.)

St.Bernard      圣伯纳德

pass [pa:s] n.关隘 (e.g., For hundreds of years, St. Bernard dogs have saved the lives of travellers crossing the dangerous Pass.)

watchdog ['wɔtʃdɔ:g] n.看门狗 (e.g., These friendly dogs, which were first brought from Asia, were used as watchdogs even in Roman times.)

rashly ['ræʃli] a.莽撞地，冒失地 (e.g., Despite the new tunnel, there are still a few people who rashly attempt to cross the Pass on foot.)

enclosure [in'klәuʒә] n.围场，圈地  (e.g., As there are so many people about, the dogs have to be kept in a special enclosure. )

monk [mʌŋk] n.和尚，僧侣,修道士 (e.g., The monks prefer winter to summer of they have more privacy. )

privacy ['praivәsi] n.清静，隐居  (e.g., )

skier ['ski:ә] n.滑雪者  (e.g., The only regular visitors to the monastery in winter are parties of skiers who go there at Christmas and Easter.)

Easter ['i:stә] n.复活节 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 9

fascinate ['fæsineit] v.迷住，吸引住 (e.g., Cats never fail to fascinate human beings. )

affectionate [ә'fekʃnit] a.充满深情的，柔情的 (e.g., They can be friendly and affectionate towards humans, but they lead mysterious lives of their own as well. )

mysterious [mis'tiәriәs] a.神秘的，难以理解的 (e.g., )

submissive [sʌb'misiv] a.服从的，顺从的 (e.g., They never become submissive like dogs and horses. )

feline ['fi:lain] a.猫的 (e.g., As a result, humans have learned to respect feline independence. )

independence ['indi'pendәns] n.独立，独立性 (e.g., )

high-rise  a.高层的 (e.g., There are plenty of high-rise windowsills to fall from!)

windowsill  n.窗槛，窗台 (e.g., )

paratrooper ['pærәtru:pә] n.伞兵 (e.g., Cats behave like well-trained paratroopers.)

squirrel ['skwirәl] n.松鼠 (e.g., They stretch out their legs like flying squirrels. )

air-resistance  n.空气阻力 (e.g., This increases their air-resistance and reduces the shock of impact when they hit the ground.)

impact ['impækt] n.冲击力 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 10

Southampton [sauθ'æmptәn,sauθ'hæmptәn] n.南安普敦(英国港口城市) (e.g., )

colossal [kә'lɔsl] a.庞大的,巨大的 (e.g., Even by modern standards, the 46,000 ton Titanic was a colossal ship. )

watertight  a.不漏水的 (e.g., At the time, however, she was not only the largest ship that had ever been built, but was regarded as unsinkable, for she had sixteen watertight compartments.)

compartment [kәm'pa:tmәnt] n.(轮船的)密封舱 (e.g., )

flood [flʌd] v.充满水  (e.g., Even if two of these were flooded, she would still be able to float. )

float [flәut] v.漂浮，飘浮 (e.g., )

tragic ['trædʒik] a.悲惨的 (e.g., The tragic sinking of this great liner will always be remembered, for she went down on her first voyage with heavy loss of life.)

liner ['lainә] n.班船, 大客轮；班机 (e.g., )

voyage [vɔidʒ] n.航行 (e.g., )

iceberg ['aisbә:g] n.冰山 (e.g., Four days after setting out, while the Titanic was sailing across the icy water of the North Atlantic, huge iceberg was suddenly spotted by a lookout.)

lookout ['luk'aut] n.瞭望员 (e.g., )

collision [kә'liʒ(ә)n] n.碰撞 (e.g., After the alarm had been given, the great ship turned sharply to avoid a direct collision. )

narrowly ['nærouli] ad.刚刚，勉强地 (e.g., The Titanic turned just in time, narrowly missing the immense walk of ice which rose over 100 feet out of the water beside her. )

miss [mis] v.避开 (e.g., )

slight [slait] a.轻微的 (e.g., Suddenly, there was a slight trembling sound from below, and the captain went down to see what had happened. )

tremble ['trembl] v.震颤 (e.g., )

faint [feint] a.微弱的 (e.g., The noise had been so faint that no one though that the ship had been damaged.)

horror ['hɔrә] n.恐惧 (e.g., Below, the captain realized to his horror that the Titanic was sinking rapidly, for five of her sixteen watertight compartments had already been flooded!)

abandon [ә'bændәn] v.抛弃 (e.g., The order to abandon ship was given and hundreds of people plunged into the icy water.)

plunge [plʌndʒ] v.投入，跳入；陷入 (e.g., )

lifeboat  n.救生船 (e.g., As there were not enough lifeboats for everybody, 1,500 lives were lost.)

 

Lesson 11

guilty ['gilti] a.犯罪的，违法的 (e.g.,  Even really honest people are often made to feel guilty.)

tolerant ['tɔlәrәnt] a.宽容的 (e.g., Customs Officers are quite tolerant these days, but they can still stop you when you are going through the Green Channel and have nothing to declare.)

declare [di'klєә] v.申报 (e.g., )

hardened        a.有经验的

professional [prә'feʃәnl] a.职业的，专业的 (e.g.,The hardened professional smuggler, on the other hand, is never troubled by such feelings, even if he has five hundred gold watches hidden in his suitcase. )

smuggler ['smʌglә] n.走私者 (e.g., )

officious [ә'fiʃәs] a.爱管闲事的 (e.g.,When I returned form abroad recently, a particularly officious young Customs Officer clearly regarded me as a smuggler. )

confidently  ad.自信地

dreadful ['dredful] a.可怕的，一团糟的 (e.g., The Officer went through the case with great care. All the thing I had packed so carefully were soon in a dreadful mess.)

pounce [pauns] v.猛抓，扑住 (e.g.,He had spotted a tiny bottle at the bottom of my case and he pounced on it with delight. )

perfume ['pә:fju:m, pә:'fju:m] n.香水 (e.g.,'Perfume, eh?' he asked sarcastically. 'You should have declared that. Perfume is not exempt from import duty.')

sarcastically [sa:'kæstikәli] ad.讽刺地 (e.g., )

exempt [ig'zempt] a.被免除的 (e.g., )

duty ['dju:ti] n.税 (e.g., )

gel [dʒel] n.凝胶，发胶 (e.g., It's hair gel.)

mixture ['mikstʃә] n.混合物 (e.g., It's a strange mixture I make myself.)

unscrew [ʌn'skru:] v.拧开 (e.g.,The officer unscrewed the cap and put the bottle to his nostrils )

nostril ['nɔstril] n.鼻孔 (e.g., )

chalk [tʃɔ:k] n.粉笔 (e.g.,A few minutes later, I was able to hurry away with precious chalk marks on my baggage.)

baggage ['bægidʒ] n.行李 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 12

desert ['dezәt, di'zә:t] v.(军队中)开小差 (e.g.,Most of us have formed an unrealistic picture of life on a desert island.  )

unrealistic ['ʌnriә'listik] a.不真实的 (e.g., )

paradise ['pærәdais] n.天堂，乐土 (e.g.,We sometimes imagine a desert island to be a sort of paradise where the sun always shines. )

wretched ['retʃid] a.可怜的，艰苦的 (e.g., Life on a desert island is wretched.)

starve [sta:v] v.挨饿 (e.g.,You either starve to death or live like Robinson Crusoe, Waiting for a boat which never comes.  )

element ['elimәnt] n.成分 (e.g., Perhaps there is an element of truth in both these pictures, but few us have had the opportunity to find out.)

opportunity ['ɔpә'tju:niti] n.机会 (e.g., )

coral ['kɔrәl] n.珊瑚 (e.g., Two men who recently spent five days on a coral island wished they had stayed there longer.)

Virgin ['vә:dʒin] 维尔京群岛 (e.g.,They were taking a badly damaged boat from the Virgin Islands to Miami to have it repaired.  )

Miami [mai'æmi] n.迈阿密(美国最南的城市) (e.g., )

dinghy          n.救生筏，小船

Caribbean ['kæri'bi:әn] n.加勒比海 (e.g., They quickly loaded a small rubber dinghy with food, matches, and cans of beer and rowed for a few miles across the Caribbean until they arrived at a tiny coral island)

spear [spiә] 捕鱼枪 (e.g., As they had brought a spear gun with them, they had plenty to eat.)

lobster ['lɔbstә] n.龙虾 (e.g., hey caught lobster and fish every day，and, as one of them put it 'ate like kings'. )

tanker ['tæŋkә] n.油轮 (e.g., When a passing tanker rescued them five days later, both men were genuinely sorry that they had to leave.)

genuinely  ad.由衷地

Robinson Crusoe    鲁滨孙·克鲁索(《鲁滨孙漂流记》主人公)

 

Lesson 13

costume ['kɔstju:m] n.化装服 (e.g., She intended to dress up as a ghost and as she had made her costume the night before, she was impatient to try it on.)

consist [kәn'sist] v.由…组成 (e.g., Though the costume consisted only of a sheet, it was very effective.)

sheet [ʃi:t] n.被单 (e.g., )

effective [i'fektiv] a.有明显效果的，有作用的; 生效的 (e.g., )

comfortable ['kʌmfәtәbl] a.舒适的 (e.g., She wanted to find out whether it would be comfortable to wear.)

storeroom ['stɔ:rum] n.储藏室 (e.g., Not wanting to frighten the poor man, Mrs. Richards quickly hid in the small storeroom under the stairs. )

electricity [ilek'trisiti] n.电  (e.g., Mrs. Richards realized that it must be the man from the Electricity Board who had come to read the metre. )

meter [ 'mi:tә] n.电表 (e.g., )

pace [peis] n.一步 (e.g., The man let out cry and jumped back several paces.)

flee [fli:] v.逃走 (e.g., When Mrs. Richards walked towards him, he fled, slamming the door behind him.)

slam [slæm] v.砰地关上 (e.g., )

Lesson 14

gangster ['gæŋstә] n.歹徒，强盗 (e.g., There was a tine when the owners of shops and businesses in Chicago that to pay large sums of money to gangsters in return for 'protection.')

Chicago [ʃi'ka:gәu] n.芝加哥(美国城市) (e.g., )

protection [prә'tekʃәn] n.保护 (e.g., )

promptly ['prɔmptli] ad.准时地；迅速的 (e.g., If the money was not paid promptly, the gangsters would quickly put a man out of business by destroying his shop.)

destroy [dis'trɔi] v.毁掉；消灭 (e.g., )

remarkable [ri'ma:kәbl] a.不寻常的 (e.g., As long ago as the fourteenth century, an Englishman, Sir John Hawkwood, made the remarkable discovery that people would rather pay large sums of money than have their life work destroyed by gangsters.)

band [bænd] n.帮，团伙 (e.g., Six hundred years ago, Sir Johan Hawkwood arrived in Italy with a band of soldiers and settled near Florence. )

Florence ['flɔrәns] n.佛罗伦萨(意大利城市) (e.g., )

city-state  n.(古代)城邦

hire ['haiә] v.租出，雇佣 (e.g., Whenever the Italian city-states were at war with each other, Hawkwood used to hire his soldiers to princes who were willing to pay the high price he demanded. )

prince ['prins] n.(小附属国的)君主，诸侯；王子 (e.g., )

Florentine ['flɔrәntain] n.佛罗伦萨人 (e.g., When he died at the age of eighty, the Florentines gave him a state funeral and had a pictured with as dedicated to the memory of 'the most valiant soldier and most notable leader, Signor Giovanni Haukodue.')

funeral ['fju:nәrәl] n.葬礼 (e.g., )

dedicate ['dedikeit] v.奉献，题献给 (e.g., )

memory ['memәri] n.纪念 (e.g., )

valiant ['væljәnt] a.英勇的 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 15

appreciate [ә'pri:ʃieit] v.欣赏，感激 (e.g., Children always appreciate small gifts of money. )

pocket ['pɔkit] 零用钱 (e.g., Mum or dad, of course, provide a regular supply of pocket money, but uncles and ants are always a source of extra income. With some children, small sums go a long way. )

rattle ['rætl] v.格格作响 (e.g., If fifty pence pieces are not exchanged for sweets, they rattle for months inside money boxes.)

thrifty ['θrifti] a.节俭的 (e.g., Only very thrifty children manage to fill up a money box. )

nephew ['nevju:] n.侄子，外甥 (e.g., My nephew, George, has a money box but it is always empty. )

bounce [bauns] v.弹起，跳起 (e.g., On his way to the sweet shop, he dropped his fifty pence and it bounced along the pavement and then disappeared down a drain.)

pavement ['peivmәnt] n.人行道 (e.g., )

stick [stik] v.卡住，夹住，不能再动 (e.g., A crowd of people gathered round him and a lady rubbed his arm with soap and butter, but George was firmly stuck. )

brigade [bri'geid] n.旅，(消防)队 (e.g., The fire brigade was called and two fire fighter freed George using a special type of grease. )

grease [gri:s, gri:z] n.润滑油 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 16

prize [praiz] a.珍贵的，宝贵的 (e.g., One of Mary's prize possessions was a little white lamb which her husband had given her.)

tie [tai] v.拴，系 (e.g.,She kept it tied to a tree in a field during the day and went to fetch it every evening.  )

theft [θeft] n.偷盗行为，偷盗案 (e.g., After telling several of his friends about the theft, Dimitri found out that his neighbour, Aleko, had suddenly acquired a new lamb.)

accuse [ә'kju:z] v.指控 (e.g., Dimitri immediately went to Aleko's house and angrily accused him of stealing the lamb. )

deny [di'nai] v.否认  (e.g., Aleko denied taking it and led Dimitri into his backyard.)

ashamed [ә'ʃeimd] a.感到羞耻，惭愧 (e.g., Ashamed of having acted so rashly, Dimitri apologized to Aleko for having accused him. )

apologize [ә'pɔlәdʒaiz] v.道歉 (e.g., )

dye [dai] v.染 (e.g., Its wool, which had been dyed black, had been washed clean by the rain!)

 

Lesson 17

suspension [sәs'penʃәn] n.悬，吊 (e.g., the longest suspension bridge in the world)

agreeable [ә'griәbl] a.宜人的 (e.g., He described it as 'a very agreeable situation located within two small hills in the midst of which flowed a great river.' )

situation ['sitju'eiʃәn] n.地点，地方 (e.g., )

locate [lәu'keit] v.位于 (e.g., )

immortal [i'mɔ:tl] a.永生的，流芳百世的 (e.g., Though Verrazano is by no means considered to be a great explorer, his name will probably remain immortal, for on November 21st, 1964, the longest suspension bridge in the world was named after him.)

Brooklyn ['bruklin] n.布鲁克林 (e.g., )

Staten  n.斯塔顿(岛)

span [spæn] n.跨度 (e.g., It has a span of 4,260 feet. )

cable ['keibl] n.缆索 (e.g., Two great towers support four huge cables.)

concrete ['kɔnkri:t] n.混凝土 (e.g., The towers are built on immense underwater platforms make of steel and concrete. )

suspend [sәs'pend] v.悬挂 (e.g., They support the cables from which the bridge has been suspended. )

length [leŋθ] n.根，段; 长度 (e.g., Each of the four cables contains 26,108 lengths of wire. )

estimate ['estimit, 'estimeit] v.估计 (e.g., It has been estimated that if the bridge were packed with cars, it would still only be carrying a third of its total capacity. )

capacity [kә'pæsiti] n.承受量，容量 (e.g., )

immensity [i'mensiti] n.巨大 (e.g., Despite its immensity, it is both simple and elegant, fulfilling its designer's dream to create 'an enormous object drawn as faintly as possible'.)

elegant ['eligәnt] a.优美别致的 (e.g., )

faintly ['feintli] ad.微细地 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 18

current ['kʌrәnt] n.电流,水流,气流 (e.g., Electric currents in modern art)

sculpture ['skʌlptʃә] n.雕塑 (e.g., 　Modern sculpture rarely surprises us any more.)

mistaken [mis'teikәn] a.错误的 (e.g., The idea that modern art can only be seen in museums is mistaken. )

gallery ['gælәri] n.美术馆 (e.g., The first thing I saw when I entered the art gallery was a notice which said: 'Do not touch the exhibits.  )

exhibit [ig'zibit] n.展品，陈列品 (e.g., )

oddly ['ɔdli] ad.古怪的 (e.g., Oddly shaped forms that are suspended form the ceiling and move in response to a gust of wind are quite familiar to everybody. )

attach [ә'tætʃ] v.连，系 (e.g., These objects, however, were different. Lined up against the wall, there were long thin wires attached to metal spheres.)

sphere [sfiә] n.球体 (e.g., The spheres had been magnetized and attracted or repelled each other all the time.)

magnetize ['mægnitaiz] v.使磁化 (e.g., )

repel [ri'pel] v.排斥 (e.g., )

flicker ['flikә] v.闪烁 (e.g.,These lights flickered continuously like traffic lights which have gone mad. )

emit [i'mit] v.放射 (e.g., Sparks were emitted from small black boxes and red lamps flashed on and off angrily.)

flash [flæʃ] v.闪光；闪过 (e.g., )

prehistoric ['pri:hi'stɔ:rik] a.史前的，老掉牙的 (e.g.,It was rather like an exhibition of prehistoric electronic equipment. )

electronic [ilek'trɔnik] a.电子的 (e.g., )

peculiar [pi'kju:ljә] a.奇异的 (e.g., These peculiar forms not only seemed designed to shock people emotionally, but to give them electric shocks as well!)

shock [ʃɔk] v.令人震惊，刺激人 (e.g., )

emotionally [i'mәuʃәnli] ad.感情上 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 19

dear [diә] a.亲爱的；珍贵的；昂贵的 (e.g., A very dear cat)

kidnapper      n.绑架者，拐骗者

considerable [kәn'sidәrәbl] a.相当大的 (e.g., Kidnappers are rarely interested in animals, but they recently took considerable interest in Mrs. Eleanor Ramsay's cat. )

wealthy ['welθi] a.富的，有钱的 (e.g., Mrs. Eleanor Ramsay, a very wealthy old lady, has shared a flat with her cat, Rastus, for a great many years. )

orderly ['ɔ:dәli] a.有规律的 (e.g., Rastus leads an orderly life. )

disappearance ['disә'piәrәns] n.失踪 (e.g., There days after Rastus' disappearance, Mrs. Ramsay received an anonymous letter.)

anonymous [ә'nɔnimәs] a.匿名的 (e.g., )

ransom ['rænsәm] n.赎金 (e.g., The writer stated that Rastus was in safe hands and would be returned immediately if Mrs. Ramsay paid a ransom of $1,000. )

cardboard ['ka:dbɔ:d] n.硬纸板 (e.g., Mrs. Ramsay was instructed to place the money in a cardboard box and to leave it outside her door. )

withdraw [wið'drɔ:] v.(从银行)取钱 (e.g., She withdrew $1000 from her bank and followed the kidnapper's instructions.)

punctually          ad.准时地

astound [әs'taund] v.使吃惊 (e.g., The police were astounded when Mrs. Ramsay told them what she had done.)

 

Lesson 20

pioneer ['paiә'niә] n.先驱 (e.g.,Pioneer pilots )

lord [lɔ:d] n.对(英国)贵族的尊称；勋爵 (e.g., In 1908 Lord Northcliffe offered a prize of $1,000 to the first man who would fly across the English Channel. )

Calais ['kælei] n.加来(法国港口城市) (e.g., Two days alter, Louis Bleriot arrived near Calais with a plane called 'No. XI'.)

overland ['әuvәlænd] a.陆上的 (e.g., A week before, he had completed a successful overland flight during which he covered twenty-six miles. )

 

Lesson 21

boxing ['bɔksiŋ] n.拳击 (e.g., Boxing matches were very popular in England two hundred years ago. )

boxer ['bɔksә] n.拳击手 (e.g., In those days, boxers fought with bare fists for prize money.)

bare [bєә] a.赤裸的；空荡的 (e.g., In those days, boxers fought with bare fists for prize money.)

prizefighter  n.职业拳击手(尤指古时赤手拳击手) (e.g., Because of this, they were known as 'prizefighters'. )

crude [kru:d] a.粗野的 (e.g., However, boxing was very crude, for these were no rules and a prizefighter could be seriously injured or even killed during a match.)

marquis ['ma:kwis] n.侯爵 (e.g., The use of gloves was not introduced until 1860, when the Marquis of Queensberry drew up the first set of rules.)

technically ['teknikәli] ad.严格根据法律意义地 (e.g., Though he was technically a prizefighter, Mendoza did much to change crude prizefighting into a sport, for he brought science to the game.)

science ['saiәns] n.科学 (e.g., )

popularity ['pɔpju'læriti] n.名望 (e.g., In this day, Mendoza enjoyed tremendous popularity. )

adore [ә'dɔ:] v.崇拜，爱戴；非常喜欢 (e.g., He was adored by rich and poor alike.)

alike [ә'laik] ad.一样地 (e.g., )

fame [feim] n.名声 (e.g., Mendoza rose to fame swiftly after a boxing match when he was only fourteen years old.)

eminent ['eminәnt] a.著名的，杰出的 (e.g., This attracted the attention of Richard Humphries who was then the most eminent boxer in England. )

bitterly ['bitәli] ad.厉害地 (e.g., The two men quarrelled bitterly and it was clear that the argument could only be settled by a fight.)

bet [bet] v.打赌 (e.g., The public bet a great deal of money on Mendoza, but he was defeated.)

academy [ә'kædәmi] n.专业学校 (e.g., Meanwhile, he founded a highly successful Academy and even Lord Byron became one of his pupils.)

extravagant [iks'trævigәnt] a.浪费的，奢侈的 (e.g., Despite this, he was so extravagant that he was always in debt.)

poverty ['pɔvәti] n.贫困 (e.g., He was sent to prison for failing to pay his debts and died in poverty in 1836.)

 

Lesson 22

run [rʌn] v.(戏剧，电影等)连演，连映 (e.g., )

lines  n.(剧本中的)台词

part [pa:t] n.剧中的角色，台词 (e.g., )

falter ['fɔ:ltә] v.支吾，结巴说 (e.g., )

cast [ka:st] v.选派……扮演角色 (e.g., )

role [rәul] n.角色 (e.g., )

aristocrat ['æristәkræt] n.贵族 (e.g., )

imprison [im'prizn] v.关押 (e.g., )

Bastille               n.巴士底狱

gaoler             n.监狱长，看守

colleague ['kɔli:g] n.同事 (e.g., )

curtain ['kә:tn] n.(舞台上的)幕布 (e.g., )

reveal [ri'vi:l] v.使显露;泄漏 (e.g., )

cell [sel] n.单人监房，监号 (e.g., )

blank [blæŋk] a.空白的 (e.g., )

squint [skwint] v.眯着(眼)看，瞄 (e.g., )

dim [dim] a.昏暗的 (e.g., )

sire ['saiә] n.(古用法)陛下 (e.g., )

proceed [prә'si:d] v.继续进行 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 23

poison ['pɔizn] n.毒药 (e.g., )

illogical [i'lɔdʒikәl] a.不合逻辑的，无章法的 (e.g., )

octopus ['ɔktәpәs] n.章鱼 (e.g., )

delicacy ['delikәsi] n.美味，佳肴 (e.g., )

repulsive [ri'pʌlsiv] a.令人反感的，令人生厌的 (e.g., )

stomach ['stʌmәk] n.胃 (e.g., )

turn [tә:n] v.感到恶心，反胃 (e.g., )

fry [frai] v.油炸 (e.g., )

fat [fæt] n.(动物、植物)油 (e.g., )

abuse  " [ә'bju:z, ә'bju:s] "  n.辱骂，责骂 (e.g., )

snail [sneil] n.蜗牛 (e.g., )

luxury ['lʌkʃәri] n.奢侈品，珍品 (e.g., )

associate [ә'sәuʃieit] v.联想到 (e.g., )

despise [dis'paiz] v.鄙视 (e.g., )

appeal [ә'pi:l] v.引起兴致 (e.g., )

shower  " ['ʃәuә, 'ʃauә] "  n.淋浴 (e.g., )

stroll [strәul] n.溜达，散步 (e.g., )

impulse ['impʌls] n.冲动 (e.g., )

dozen ['dʌzn] n.12个，一打 (e.g., )

fancy ['fænsi] v.喜爱，喜欢 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 24

skeleton ['skelitәn] n.骷髅 (e.g., )

Seemingly  ad.表面上地

Respectable [ris'pektәbl] a.体面的，雅观的 (e.g., )

conceal [kәn'si:l] v.隐藏，隐瞒 (e.g., )

vivid ['vivid] a.生动的 (e.g., )

dramatic [drә'mætik] a.令人激动的，扣人心弦的 (e.g., )

ruin ['ruin] v.毁坏 (e.g., )

heroine ['herәuin] n.女主人公 (e.g., )

fiction ['fikʃәn] n.小说 (e.g., )

varying  a.不同的

medicine ['medisin] n.医学 (e.g., )

guestroom         n.(家庭中的)客房

unpack ['ʌn'pæk] vt.(从箱中)取出 (e.g., )

stack [stæk] v.(整齐地)堆放，排放；n.堆 (e.g., )

underclothes ['ʌndәklәuðz] n.内衣 (e.g., )

drawer [drɔ:] n.抽屉 (e.g., )

petrify ['petrifai] v.使惊呆 (e.g., )

dangle ['dæŋgl] v.悬挂 (e.g., )

sway [swei] v.摇摆 (e.g., )

unsympathetic ['ʌn'simpә'θetik] a.不表同情的，无动于衷的 (e.g., )

medical ['medikәl] a.医学的 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 25

impressive [im'presiv] a.给人深刻印象的 (e.g., )

steamship ['sti:mʃip] n.蒸汽轮船 (e.g., )

vessel ['vesl] n.轮船，大木船 (e.g., )

era ['iәrә] n.时期，时代 (e.g., )

Java ['dʒɔvә] n.爪哇(印度尼西亚一岛) (e.g., )

rudder ['rudә] n.舵 (e.g., )

roll [rәul] v.颠簸，摇摆 (e.g., )

steer [stiә] v.掌握方向 (e.g., )

temporary ['tempәrәri] a.临时的 (e.g., )

plank [plæŋk] n.大块木板 (e.g., )

fit [fit] v.安装 (e.g., )

Equator [i'kweitә] n.赤道 (e.g., )

delay [di'lei] v.] n.耽误 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 26

influence ['influәns] v.影响 (e.g., )

pride [praid] v.骄傲 (e.g., )

taste [teist] n.鉴赏力;品尝 (e.g., )

exert [ig'zә:t] v.施加 (e.g., )

subtle ['sʌbtl] a.微妙的，难以捉摸的 (e.g., )

advertiser ['ædvәtaizә] n.做广告的人 (e.g., )

classify ['klæsifai] v.分类 (e.g., )

magic ['mædʒik] a.有奇妙作用的 (e.g., )

sample ['sa:mpl] n.样品 (e.g., )

devise [di'vaiz] v.设计，想出 (e.g., )

capture ['kæptʃә] v.吸引，赢得 (e.g., )

manufacturer ['mænju'fæktʃәrә] n.生产厂家，制造商 (e.g., )

wheelbarrow ['wi:l'bærәu] n.独轮手推车 (e.g., )

boot [bu:t] n.(汽车尾部的)行李箱 (e.g., )

ingredient [in'gri:djәnt] n.配料 (e.g., )

crane [krein] n.起重机 (e.g., )

anticipate [æn'tisipeit] v.预期，预料 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 27

philosopher [fi'lɔsәfә] n.哲学家 (e.g., )

wisdom ['wizdәm] n.智慧 (e.g., )

priest [pri:st] n.牧师 (e.g., )

spiritual ['spiritjuәl] a.精神上的 (e.g., )

grudge [grʌdʒ] v.不愿给，舍不得给 (e.g., )

surgeon ['sә:dʒәn] n.外科大夫 (e.g., )

passer-by      n.过路人(复数passers-by)

dignity ['digniti] n.尊严 (e.g., )

deliberately [di'libәritli] ad.故意地 (e.g., )

consequence ['kɔnsikwәns] n.后果，结果 (e.g., )

afflict [ә'flikt] v.使苦恼，折磨 (e.g., )

ease [i:z] n.容易 (e.g., )

nature ['neitʃә] n.大自然 (e.g., )

contempt [kәn'tempt] n.蔑视 (e.g., )

envious ['enviәs] a.嫉妒的 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 28

wares              n.货物，商品

anchor ['æŋkә] v.?较旅籲. 锚 (e.g., )

deck [dek] n.甲板 (e.g., )

silverware ['silvәwєә] n.银器 (e.g., )

tempt [tempt] v.吸引；引诱 (e.g., )

bargain ['ba:gin] v.讨价还价; n.便宜货 (e.g., )

disembark ['disim'ba:k] v.下船上岸 (e.g., )

assail [ә'seil] v.纠缠 (e.g., )

marble ['ma:bl] n.小玻璃球 (e.g., )

inscribe [in'skraib] v.刻写，雕 (e.g., )

favour ['feivә] n.好处，优惠 (e.g., )

gesticulate [dʒes'tikjuleit] v.(讲话时)打手势 (e.g., )

outrageous [aut'reidʒәs] a.出人预料的；令人不悦的 (e.g., )

thrust [θrʌst] v.硬塞给；强行挤进 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 29

largely ['la:dʒli] ad.在很大程度上 (e.g., )

comic ['kɔmik] a.喜剧的，可笑的 (e.g., )

universal ['ju:ni'vә:sәl] a.普遍的 (e.g., )

comedian [kә'mi:djәn] n.滑稽演员，喜剧演员 (e.g., )

distasteful [dis'teistful] a.讨厌的 (e.g., )

pester ['pestә] v.一再要求，纠缠 (e.g., )

dread [dred] v.惧怕 (e.g., )

recovery [ri'kʌvәri] n.康复 (e.g., )

plaster ['pla:stә] n.熟石膏 (e.g., )

console [kәn'sәul] v.安慰，慰问 (e.g., )

hobble ['hɔbl] v.瘸着腿走 (e.g., )

compensate ['kɔmpenseit] v.补偿 (e.g., )

mumble ['mʌmbl] v.喃喃而语 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 30

labourer ['leibәrә] n.劳动者(也做laborer) (e.g., )

overnight ['әuvәnait] ad.一夜期间 (e.g., )

hay [hei] n.干草 (e.g., )

corn [kɔ:n] n.谷物 (e.g., )

moonlight ['mu:nlait] n.月光 (e.g., )

conscientious ['kɔnʃi'enʃәs] a.认真的 (e.g., )

suspect [sәs'pekt, 'sʌspekt] v.怀疑 (e.g., )

desert ['dezәt, di'zә:t] v.(军队中)开小差 (e.g., )

regiment ['redʒimәnt] n.(军队)团 (e.g., )

action ['ækʃәn] n.战斗 (e.g., )

recluse [ri'klu:s] n.隐士 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 31

lovable ['lʌvәbl] a.可爱的 (e.g., )

eccentric [ik'sentrik] n.(行为)古怪的人 (e.g., )

disregard ['disri'ga:d] v.不顾，无视 (e.g., )

convention [kәn'venʃәn] n.习俗，风俗 (e.g., )

conscious ['kɔnʃәs] a.感觉（意识）到的 (e.g., )

invariably [in'vєәriәbli] ad.总是，经常地 (e.g., )

routine [ru:'ti:n] n.常规；惯例; a.常规的 (e.g., )

shrewd [ʃru:d] a.精明的 (e.g., )

eccentricity ['eksen'trisiti] n.怪癖 (e.g., )

legendary ['ledʒәndәri] a.传奇般的 (e.g., )

snob [snɔb] n.势利小人，谄上欺下的人 (e.g., )

intensely          ad.强烈地

bedraggled [bi'drægld] a.拖泥带水的；又脏又湿的 (e.g., )

dump [dʌmp] v.把……砰的一声抛下 (e.g., )

apologetic [әpɔlә'dʒetik] a.道歉的 (e.g., )

reprimand ['reprima:nd] v.训斥 (e.g., )

stage [steidʒ] v.暗中策划 (e.g., )

elaborate [i'læbәrit] a.精心构思的；精致的 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 32

salvage ['sælvidʒ] v.n.救助，营救，打捞; (e.g., )

Barents ['bærәnts] n.巴伦支(海) (e.g., )

sunken ['sʌŋkәn] a.沉没的 (e.g., )

cargo ['ka:gәu] n.货物 (e.g., )

bullion ['buljәn] n.金条；银条 (e.g., )

scour ['skauә] v.彻底搜索 (e.g., )

chest [tʃest] n.大箱子 (e.g., )

contents  n.(复数)所装的东西

belongings [bi'lɔŋiŋz] n.(复数)所有物 (e.g., )

item ['aitәm] n.物件 (e.g., )

cruiser ['kru:zә] n.巡洋舰 (e.g., )

find [faind] n.找到的物品 (e.g., )

log book  航海日志

piece [pi:s] v.拼成整体 (e.g., )

convoy ['kɔnvɔi] v.n.护航 (e.g., )

torpedo [tɔ:'pi:dәu] v.用鱼雷攻击 (e.g., )

submarine ['sʌbmәri:n] n.潜水艇 (e.g., )

naval ['neivәl] a.海军的 (e.g., )

ministry ['ministri] n.(政府的)部 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 33

prelude ['prelju:d] n.序幕，前奏 (e.g., )

unforeseen ['ʌnfɔ:'si:n] a.意料之外的 (e.g., )

series ['siәri:z] n.系列 (e.g., )

catastrophe [kә'tæstrәfi] n.大祸，灾难 (e.g., )

crockery ['krɔkәri] n.陶器，瓦器 (e.g., )

suburb ['sʌbә:b] n.郊区 (e.g., )

collide [kә'laid] v.猛撞 (e.g., )

learner ['lә:nә] n.初学者 (e.g., )

panic ['pænik] n.惊慌，恐慌 (e.g., )

windscreen  n.(汽车的)挡风玻璃

alongside [ә'lɔŋ'said] prep.在……的旁边，与……并排 (e.g., )

slide [slaid] v.滑；回避 (e.g., )

stray [strei] a.迷失的，离群的；v.迷路，偏离 (e.g., )

confusion [kәn'fju:ʒәn] n.混乱 (e.g., )

greedily ['gri:dili] ad.贪婪地 (e.g., )

devour [di'vauә] v.狼吞虎咽地吃 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 34

antique [æn'ti:k] n.古董，古玩 (e.g., )

fascination ['fæsi'neiʃәn] n.魅力，迷惑力 (e.g., )

forbidding [fә'bidiŋ] a.望而生畏的，望而却步的 (e.g., )

muster ['mʌstә] v.鼓起 (e.g., )

pretentious [pri'tenʃәs] a.自命不凡的，矫饰的 (e.g., )

labyrinth ['læbәrinθ] n.迷宫 (e.g., )

musty ['mʌsti] a.陈腐的，发霉的 (e.g., )

rarity ['rєәriti] n.稀世珍品 (e.g., )

assorted [ә'sɔ:tid] a.各式各样的 (e.g., )

junk [dʒʌŋk] n.破烂货，废品 (e.g., )

carve [ka:v] v.镌刻 (e.g., )

dagger ['dægә] n.短剑，匕首 (e.g., )

litter ['litә] v.杂乱地布满；n.垃圾 (e.g., )

dedicated ['dedikeitid] a.专心致志的；全身心投入的 (e.g., )

bargain hunter    n.到处找便宜货买的人

dealer ['di:lә] v.商人 (e.g., )

cherish ['tʃeriʃ] v.期望，渴望；珍爱 (e.g., )

amply ['æmpli] ad.足够地 (e.g., )

masterpiece ['ma:stәpi:s] n.杰作 (e.g., )

mere [miә] a.仅仅的 (e.g., )

prize [praiz] a.珍贵的，宝贵的 (e.g., )

miniature ['minjәtʃә] a.小巧的，小型的 (e.g., )

composition ['kɔmpә'ziʃәn] n.构图 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 35

justice ['dʒʌstis] n.正义，公正；司法 (e.g., )

court [kɔ:t] n.法院 (e.g., )

law [lɔ:] n.法律 (e.g., )

innocence ['inәsns] n.无辜 (e.g., )

undertake ['ʌndә'teik] v.承担，着手做 (e.g., )

arduous ['a:djuәs] a.艰苦的，艰难的 (e.g., )

abstract ['æbstrækt] a.抽象的 (e.g., )

concept ['kɔnsept] n.概念，观念 (e.g., )

mete [mi:t] 给予，处置 (e.g., )

interference ['intә'fiәrәns] n.干涉 (e.g., )

accord [ә'kɔ:d] v. [n.一致 (e.g., )

premises          n.房屋

convert [kәn'vә:t, 'kɔnvә:t] v.转变，改变 (e.g., )

disused ['dis'ju:zd] a.不再用的，废弃的 (e.g., )

fireplace ['faiәpleis] n.壁炉 (e.g., )

muffle ['mʌfl] v.捂住，压抑 (e.g., )

chip [tʃip] v.砍，削，凿；碎裂 (e.g., )

blacken ['blækәn] v.使变黑 (e.g., )

emerge [i'mә:dʒ] v.(从某处)出现 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 36

credulous ['kredjulәs] a.轻信的 (e.g., )

improbable [im'prɔbәbl] a.不大可能的 (e.g., )

obscure [әb'skjuә] a.不起眼的；v.遮掩，模糊 (e.g., )

maidservant ['meidsә:vәnt] n.女仆，女佣 (e.g., )

presume [pri'zju:m] v.假定 (e.g., )

wickedly       ad.心眼坏地，居心叵测地

plot [plɔt] v.密谋 (e.g., )

downfall ['daunfɔ:l] n.倒台，垮台 (e.g., )

naïve [na:'i:v] a.天真的 (e.g., )

unacceptable ['ʌnәk'septәbl] a.不能接受的 (e.g., )

conspire [kәn'spaiә] v.(事件)巧合促成 (e.g., )

incredible [in'kredәbl] a.难以置信的 (e.g., )

resemblance [ri'zemblәns] n.相似 (e.g., )

scorn [skɔ:n] n.嘲弄，挖苦 (e.g., )

acquaint [ә'kweint] v.使了解 (e.g., )

reunite ['ri:ju:'nait] v.使团聚 (e.g., )

assume [ә'sju:m] v.假定，认为 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 37

express [iks'pres] n.快车 a.高速的 (e.g., )

punctual ['pʌŋktjuәl] a.准时的 (e.g., )

condition [kәn'diʃәn] v.使习惯于 (e.g., )

unshakable [ʌn'ʃeikәbl] a.不可动摇的 (e.g., )

faith [feiθ] n.信任 (e.g., )

cancel ['kænsәl] v.取消 (e.g., )

exceptionally             ad.例外地

dislocate ['dislәkeit] v.打乱(计划等) (e.g., )

blame [bleim] v.责怪 (e.g., )

consult [kәn'sʌlt] v.请教，查阅 (e.g., )

direct [di'rekt] ad.径直地 (e.g., )

odd [ɔd] a.奇怪的，异常的 (e.g., )

reflect [ri'flekt] v.细想 (e.g., )

advantage [әd'va:ntidʒ] n.优势 (e.g., )

mighty ['maiti] a.强大的，有力的 (e.g., )

dawdle ['dɔ:dl] v.慢吞吞地动或做 (e.g., )

chug [tʃʌg] v.咔嚓咔嚓地响 (e.g., )

lodge [lɔdʒ] v.提出；n.小屋，(旅游区的)小旅馆 (e.g., )

complaint [kәm'pleint] n.抱怨 (e.g., )

triumph ['traiәmf] n.胜利; v.战胜 (e.g., )

asterisk ['æstәrisk] n.星号 (e.g., )

conduct ['kɔndәkt, kәn'dʌkt] v.引向，引导 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 38

calendar ['kælindә] n.历法，日历 (e.g., )

historian [his'tɔ:riәn] n.历史学家 (e.g., )

unique [ju:'ni:k] a.无与伦比的；独特的 (e.g., )

steadily ['stedili] ad.不断地 (e.g., )

solely ['sәuli] ad.唯一地 (e.g., )

video ['vidiәu] n.录像 (e.g., )

CD-ROM          n.(只读)光盘驱动器

bewilder [bi'wildә] v.令人眼花缭乱 (e.g., )

deduce [di'dju:s] v.推断，推理 (e.g., )

scanty ['skænti] a.不足的，贫乏的 (e.g., )

mammoth ['mæmәθ] n.(古生物)长毛象 (e.g., )

tusk [tʌsk] n.獠牙，长牙，象牙 (e.g., )

nomad ['nɔmәd] n.游牧民 (e.g., )

correlate ['kɔrileit] v.使相互联系 (e.g., )

clue [klu:] n.线索 (e.g., )

insignificant ['insig'nifikәnt] a.不重要的 (e.g., )

shed [ʃed] v.使流出，泻 (e.g., )

advent ['ædvәnt] n.出现，到来，来临 (e.g., )

agriculture ['ægrikʌltʃә] n.农业 (e.g., )

assumption [ә'sʌmpʃәn] n.假定，设想 (e.g., )

dot [dɔt] n.小圆点 (e.g., )

symbol ['simbәl] n.符号 (e.g., )

engrave [in'greiv] v.雕刻 (e.g., )

ivory ['aivәri] n.象牙制品 (e.g., )

phase [feiz] n.月相，天相 (e.g., )

primitive ['primitiv] a.原始的 (e.g., )

depict [di'pikt] v.描画，描绘 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 39

rough [rʌf] a.崎岖不平的 (e.g., )

boulder ['bәuldә] n.大石块 (e.g., )

pit [pit] v.使得坑坑洼洼 (e.g., )

perturb [pә'tә:b] v.使不安 (e.g., )

underestimate ['ʌndәr'estimeit] v.低估 (e.g., )

swerve [swә:v] v.急转弯 (e.g., )

scoop [sku:p] v.挖出 (e.g., )

hammer ['hæmә] v.(用锤)击打，锤打 (e.g., )

ominously          ad.有预兆的，不祥的

rip [rip] v.划破，撕，扯 (e.g., )

zigzag ['zigzæg] n."之"字形 (e.g., )

shallow ['ʃælәu] a.浅的 (e.g., )

grind [graind] v.磨擦，磨 (e.g., )

petrol ['petrәl] n.汽油 (e.g., )

stretch [stretʃ] n.一大片(平地或水) (e.g., )

obstacle ['ɔbstәkl] n.障碍 (e.g., )

clump [klʌmp] n.丛，簇 (e.g., )

fissure ['fiʃә] n.(石，地的)深缝 (e.g., )

renew [ri'nju:] v.重复；更新 (e.g., )

pleading ['pli:diŋ] n.恳求 (e.g., )

gear [giә] n.(汽车)排档 (e.g., )

astride [ә'straid] prep.骑，跨 (e.g., )

crack [kræk] n.缝隙 (e.g., )

halt [hɔ:lt] n.停 (e.g., )

dashboard ['dæʃbɔ:d] n.(汽车上的)仪表盘 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 40

hoax [hәuks] n.骗局，戏弄 (e.g., )

deception [di'sepʃәn] n.欺骗，骗局 (e.g., )

self-respecting          a.自重的，自尊的

indulge [in'dʌldʒ] v.使沉迷；享受 (e.g., )

pneumatic [nju:'mætik] a.气动的 (e.g., )

drill [dril] n.钻 (e.g., )

silly ['sili] a.无意义的，无聊的 (e.g., )

advance [әd'va:ns] a.预先的，事先获得的 (e.g., )

archway ['a:tʃwei] n.拱形门楼 (e.g., )

remonstrate [ri'mɔnstreit] v.规劝，告诫 (e.g., )

ironically [ai'rɔnikәli] ad.讽刺地 (e.g., )

permission [pә(:)'miʃәn] n.许可 (e.g., )

grant [gra:nt] v.同意，准予 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 41

illusion [i'lju:ʒәn] n.幻想，错觉 (e.g., )

pastoral ['pa:stәrәl] a.田园的 (e.g., )

breed [bri:d] v.培育 (e.g., )

rapture ['ræptʃә] n.欣喜 (e.g., )

extol [iks'tɔl] v.赞美，颂扬 (e.g., )

superior [sju:'piәriә] a.优越的 (e.g., )

cockcrow             n.鸡叫

twitter ['twitә] v.(鸟)吱吱叫，嘁嘁喳喳叫 (e.g., )

glint [glint] v.闪烁 (e.g., )

pasture ['pa:stʃә] n.牧场 (e.g., )

idyllic [ai'dilik] a.田园诗的 (e.g., )

virtually ['vә:tjuәli] ad.几乎，差不多 (e.g., )

dubious ['dju:bjәs] a.可疑的，怀疑的 (e.g., )

privilege ['privilidʒ] n.好处，特权 (e.g., )

misery ['mizәri] n.苦难 (e.g., )

acquaintance [ә'kweintәns] n.熟人 (e.g., )

treat [tri:t] n.难得的乐事，享受 (e.g., )

dweller ['dwelә] n.居住者 (e.g., )

stagger ['stægә] v.摇晃，蹒跚 (e.g., )

exotic [ig'zɔutik] a.异乎寻常的，外来的 (e.g., )

glow [glәu] n.白炽光 (e.g., )

descend [di'send] v.下落，降临 (e.g., )

tuck [tʌk] v.缩进，隐藏 (e.g., )

obstinately          ad.固执地，顽固地

 

Lesson 42

caveman         n.(远古)洞穴人

pot-holing        n.洞穴探险，洞穴探险运动

solitude ['sɔlitju:d] n.孤独，寂寞 (e.g., )

lure [ljuә] v.引诱，诱惑 (e.g., )

pot-holer          n.洞穴探险者

rambler ['ræmblә] n.漫步者，散步者 (e.g., )

undertaking ['ʌndә'teikiŋ] n.任务，工作 (e.g., )

foresight ['fɔ:sait] n.预见；深谋远虑 (e.g., )

foretell [fɔ:'tel] v.预言 (e.g., )

Grenoble [grә'noubl] n.格里诺布尔 (e.g., )

chasm [tʃæzәm] n.断层，裂口，陷坑 (e.g., )

flaw [flɔ:] n.小裂缝；缺点，瑕疵 (e.g., )

distinguished [dis'tiŋgwiʃt] a.杰出的，著名的 (e.g., )

Everest ['evәrist] n.珠穆朗玛峰 (e.g., )

wade [weid] v.涉水 (e.g., )

waterfall ['wɔ:tәfɔ:l] n.瀑布 (e.g., )

gear [giә] n.(汽车)排档 (e.g., )

inflatable [in'fleitәbl] a.可充气的 (e.g., )

rubble ['rʌbl] n.碎瓦，瓦块 (e.g., )

insistent [in'sistәnt] a.连续的，不断的 (e.g., )

boom [bu:m] v.轰响 (e.g., )

waterspout ['wɔtәspaut] n.强大的水柱 (e.g., )

cleft [kleft] n.裂隙，开口 (e.g., )

cavern ['kævәn] n.大洞穴 (e.g., )

stalagmite ['stælәgmait] n.石笋 (e.g., )

stalactite ['stælәktait] n.钟乳石 (e.g., )

limestone ['laimstәun] n.石灰石 (e.g., )

glisten ['glisn] v.闪烁 (e.g., )

eerie ['iәri] a.引起恐惧的，可怕的 (e.g., )

dome [dәum] n.穹窿，圆顶 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 43

insure [in'ʃuә] v.投保 (e.g., )

fete [feit] n.游园会 (e.g., )

admittedly [әd'mitidli] ad.公认的 (e.g., )

purchase ['pә:tʃәs] v.买 (e.g., )

annual ['ænjuәl] a.一年一度的 (e.g., )

teenager       n.(13岁至19岁的)青少年

capsize [kæp'saiz] v.(船)翻 (e.g., )

shiver ['ʃivә] v.打颤，发抖 (e.g., )

dive [daiv] v.(头向下)跳水 (e.g., )

haul [hɔ:l] v.拖曳 (e.g., )

hawser ['hɔ:zә] n.粗缆绳 (e.g., )

rim [rim] n.(圆形物品的)外沿，边 (e.g., )

winch [wintʃ] n.绞车(带有绞盘的车) (e.g., )

premium ['pri:mjәm] n.保险费 (e.g., )

recover [ri'kʌvә] v.使……得到补偿，弥补 (e.g., )

agonizing ['ægәnaiziŋ] a.精神紧张的，提心吊胆的 (e.g., )

perch [pә:tʃ] v.处于(高处) (e.g., )

precariously         ad.危险地，不稳固地

overbalance ['әuvә'bælәns] v.失去平衡 (e.g., )

clamp [klæmp] n.夹钳，夹板 (e.g., )

vertically ['vә:tikәli] ad.垂直地 (e.g., )

torrent ['tɔrәnt] n.激流，洪流 (e.g., )

rebound [ri'baund] v.弹回 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 44

positively          ad.绝对地，完全地

compartment [kәm'pa:tmәnt] n.(轮船的)密封舱 (e.g., )

cramped [kræmpt] a.窄小的 (e.g., )

stuffy ['stʌfi] a.憋气的，闷气的 (e.g., )

monotonous [mә'nɔtәnәs] a.枯燥的，乏味的，单调的 (e.g., )

rhythm ['riðәm] n.有节奏的运动 (e.g., )

click [klik] v.发出咔哒声 (e.g., )

lull [lʌl] v.催人欲睡 (e.g., )

snatch [snætʃ] n.短时，片段 (e.g., )

sleeper             n.(火车等的)卧铺

fumble ['fʌmbl] v.乱摸，摸索 (e.g., )

inspection [in'spekʃәn] n.检查 (e.g., )

inevitably [in'evitәbli] ad.必然地，不可避免地 (e.g., )

destination ['desti'neiʃәn] n.目的地 (e.g., )

exhaust [ig'zɔ:st] v.使精疲力尽 (e.g., )

motorway ['mәutәwei] n.快车道 (e.g., )

ferry ['feri] n.渡船 (e.g., )

cruise [kru:z] n.巡游船 (e.g., )

civilize ['sivilaiz] v.使文明 (e.g., )

spacious ['speiʃәs] a.宽敞的 (e.g., )

seasick             a.晕船的

intimidate [in'timideit] v.恐吓，恫吓 (e.g., )

disadvantage ['disәd'va:ntidʒ] n.短处，缺点 (e.g., )

exhilaration [igzilә'reiʃәn] a.使人高兴的，令人兴奋的 (e.g., )

escapist [is'keipist] n.逍遥者，逃避现实者 (e.g., )

sip [sip] v.呷，啜 (e.g., )

champagne [ʃæm'pein] n.香槟酒 (e.g., )

refinement [ri'fainmәnt] n.精心的安排 (e.g., )

Breathtaking      a.激动人心的；不寻常的

soar [sɔ:] v.高飞，翱翔 (e.g., )

effortlessly          ad.不费力地

landscape ['lændskeip] n.景色 (e.g., )

fresh [freʃ] a.精神饱满的 (e.g., )

uncrumpled       a.没有垮下来

 

Lesson 45

democratic ['demә'krætik] a.民主的 (e.g., )

restrict [ris'trikt] v.限制 (e.g., )

abuse [ә'bju:z, ә'bju:s] n.辱骂，责骂 (e.g., )

contention [kәn'tenʃәn] n.论点 (e.g., )

quintuplet ['kwintjuplit] n.五胞胎之一 (e.g., )

obscurity [әb'skjuәriti] n.默默无闻 (e.g., )

radically ['rædikәli] ad.彻底地，完全地 (e.g., )

exclusive [iks'klu:siv] a.独占的，独家的 (e.g., )

untold ['ʌn'tould] a.数不尽地，无限的 (e.g., )

South [sauθ] 南达科他州(美国) (e.g., )

perpetual [pә'petʃuәl] a.永久的 (e.g., )

nursery ['nә:sәri] n.育婴室，保育室 (e.g., )

commercialization [kә'mә:ʃәlai'zeiʃn] n.商品化 (e.g., )

commodity [kә'mɔditi] n.商品 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 46

plead [pli:d] v.找(借口)，辩解 (e.g., )

ignorance ['ignәrәns] n.无知，不懂 (e.g., )

publication ['pʌbli'keiʃәn] n.出版物，出版 (e.g., )

newlyweds                n.新婚夫妇

gaily ['geili] ad.愉快地，高兴地 (e.g., )

leisure ['leʒә] n.空闲 (e.g., )

keen [ki:n] a.热心的，渴望的 (e.g., )

advisory [әd'vaizәri] a.咨询的 (e.g., )

novice ['nɔvis] n.新手 (e.g., )

consumer [kәn'sju:mә] n.消费者，顾客 (e.g., )

assemble [ә'sembl] v.装配，组装 (e.g., )

outlet ['aut-let] n.出路，出口 (e.g., )

creative [kri(:)'eitiv] a.创造性的 (e.g., )

handyman ['hændimæn] n.手巧的人，能工巧匠 (e.g., )

resourceful [ri'sɔ:sful] a.足智多谋的 (e.g., )

fuse [fju:z] v.由于烧断保险丝而短路 (e.g., )

rickety ['rikiti] a.要散架的，晃动的 (e.g., )

clog [klɔg] v.堵塞 (e.g., )

delusion [di'lu:ʒәn] n.错觉 (e.g., )

lawn mower           割草机

adjustment [ә'dʒʌstmәnt] n.调整 (e.g., )

screw [skru:] n.螺丝钉 (e.g., )

dismantle [dis'mæntl] v.拆卸 (e.g., )

chunk [tʃʌŋk] n.(厚)块 (e.g., )

snap [snæp] v.绷断 (e.g., )

insurmountable ['insә'mauntәbl] a.不能克服的，难以对付的 (e.g., )

jigsaw ['dʒigsɔ:] n.线锯 (e.g., )

nag [næg] v.唠叨不休 (e.g., )

rust [rʌst] v.生锈 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 47

pollution [pә'lu:ʃәn] n.污染 (e.g., )

overpopulated          a.人口多的

over-industrialized       a.过度工业化的

sheer [ʃiә] a.纯粹的，不掺杂的 (e.g., )

worldwide ['wә:ldwaid] ad.在全世界 (e.g., )

overwhelm ['әuvә'hwelm] v.制服，使不知所措 (e.g., )

pollute [pә'lju:t] v.污染 (e.g., )

pesticide ['pestisaid] n.杀虫剂 (e.g., )

fertilizer ['fә:tilaizә] n.肥料 (e.g., )

salmonella [sælmә'nelә] n.沙门氏菌 (e.g., )

listeria           n.利斯特杆菌

vegetarian [vedʒә'tєәriәn] n.吃素的人 (e.g., )

organically-grown      a.有机培植的(不施化肥和其他化学药品培植)

insidious [in'sidiәs] a.暗中为害的 (e.g., )

urban ['ә:bәn] a.城市的 (e.g., )

burglar ['bә:glә] n.窃贼 (e.g., )

burgle ['bә:gl] v.入室偷窃 (e.g., )

scream [skri:m] v.尖叫 (e.g., )

profound [prә'faund] a.极度的 (e.g., )

irritation ['iri'teiʃәn] n.烦躁 (e.g., )

incessantly          ad.连续不断地

whine [wain] v.发呜呜声 (e.g., )

helicopter ['helikɔptә] n.直升飞机 (e.g., )

maximum ['mæksimәm] a.最大的 (e.g., )

technology [tek'nɔlәdʒi] n.技术 (e.g., )

contribution ['kɔntri'bju:ʃәn] n.贡献 (e.g., )

mobile ['mәubail] a.可移动的 (e.g., )

snore [snɔ:] v.打鼾 (e.g., )

offender [ә'fendә] n.冒犯者 (e.g., )

staggering ['stægәriŋ] a.令人惊愕的 (e.g., )

trumpet ['trʌmpit] v.吹号 (e.g., )

partner ['pa:tnә] n.伙伴 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 48

inaccessible [inæk'sesәbl] a.难接近的，达不到的 (e.g., )

hospitable ['hɔspitәbl] a.好客的 (e.g., )

hostile ['hɔstail] a.不友好的，有敌意的 (e.g., )

vicinity [vi'siniti] n.周围,附近 (e.g., )

architectural ['a:ki'tektʃәrәl] a.建筑的 (e.g., )

fresco ['freskәu] n.壁画 (e.g., )

abruptly [ә'brʌptli] ad.突然地，意外地 (e.g., )

tramp [træmp] v.徒步行进 (e.g., )

moor [muә] v.(用绳、链、锚)系(船) (e.g., )

ferry ['feri] n.渡船 (e.g., )

straggle [strægl] v.蔓延，散乱分布 (e.g., )

dilapidated [di'læpideitid] a.陈旧破烂的，倒塌的 (e.g., )

sardine [sa:'di:n] n.沙丁鱼，沙丁鱼罐头 (e.g., )

rag [ræg] n.破烂衣服 (e.g., )

motionless ['mәuʃәnlis] a.不动的 (e.g., )

procession [prә'seʃәn] n.行列，成队的人群 (e.g., )

shawl [ʃɔ:l] n.披巾，围巾 (e.g., )

peer [piә] v.凝视，盯着 (e.g., )

quicken ['kwikәn] v.加快 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 49

rambling ['ræmbliŋ] a.杂乱无章的 (e.g., )

sentimentally        ad.感情上，多情地

lavishly ['læviʃli] ad.慷慨地，大方地 (e.g., )

immaculate [i'mækjuleit] a.清洁的，无污点的 (e.g., )

parquet [pɑ:'kei] n.镶木地板 (e.g., )

gleam [gli:m] v.发亮，闪光 (e.g., )

preside [pri'zaid] v.指挥 (e.g., )

invisible [in'vizәbl] a.看不见的，无形的 (e.g., )

scrub [skrʌb] v.擦拭，刷洗 (e.g., )

enlightened [in'laitnd] a.开明的，教化的 (e.g., )

fickleness             n.变化无常

unrelenting ['ʌnri'lentiŋ] a.不屈不挠的，不松懈的 (e.g., )

disillusion [disi'lu:ʒәn] v.使幻想破灭 (e.g., )

industriousness               n.勤奋

qualification ['kwɔlifi'keiʃәn] n.资格，能力 (e.g., )

mirth [mә:θ] n.欢笑，高兴 (e.g., )

stack [stæk] v.(整齐地)堆放，排放；n.堆 (e.g., )

cellar ['selә] n.地窖 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 50

resolution ['rezә'lju:ʃәn] n.决心 (e.g., )

mentally ['mentli] ad.内心里 (e.g., )

compile [kәm'pail] v.编辑，编制 (e.g., )

formidable ['fɔ:midәbl] a.令人畏惧的 (e.g., )

recur [ri'kә:] v.再发生，又出现 (e.g., )

regularity ['regju'læriti] n.规律性 (e.g., )

accomplishment [ә'kɔmpliʃmәnt] n.成就 (e.g., )

attainment [ә'teinmәnt] n.达到；成就，造诣 (e.g., )

inveterate [in'vetәrit] a.根深蒂固的 (e.g., )

self-improvement          n.自我完善

scheme [ski:m] n.简单的计划，方案 (e.g., )

ambitious [æm'biʃәs] a.雄心勃勃的 (e.g., )

pitfall ['pitfɔ:l] n.意外的困难，易犯的错误 (e.g., )

modest ['mɔdist] a.要求不过分的,谦虚的 (e.g., )

assiduously               ad.刻苦地

self-discipline              n.自我约束

frame [freim] n.躯体 (e.g., )

betray [bi'trei] v.暴露，显露 (e.g., )

troop [tru:p] v.成群结队地走动 (e.g., )

unsettle [ʌn'setl] v.使不安 (e.g., )

taunt [tɔ:nt] n.v.嘲笑，奚落人的话 (e.g., )

jibe [dʒaib] n.嘲弄，挖苦 (e.g., )

good-humouredly     ad.和气地，心情好地

wane [wein] v.逐渐变小，变弱 (e.g., )

diminish [di'miniʃ] v.减少，缩小 (e.g., )

hypnotize ['hipnәtaiz] v.使欲睡，使朦胧 (e.g., )

undoing [ʌn'du:iŋ] n.祸根，毁灭的原因 (e.g., )

screen [skri:n] n.电视机屏幕 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 51

full-time       a.专职的

technician [tek'niʃәn] n.技师 (e.g., )

software ['sɔftwєә] n.软件 (e.g., )

IBM          国际商用机器公司

DOS    磁盘操作系统(Disk Operating System)

Microsoft        n.(美国)微软公司

user-friendly      a.容易操作的，好用的

multimedia        a.多媒体的

alternative [ɔ:l'tә:nәtiv] a.选择的 (e.g., )

diagnose ['daiәgnәuz] v.诊断 (e.g., )

relieve [ri'li:v] v.减轻 (e.g., )

accountant [ә'kauntәnt] n.会计 (e.g., )

repetitive [ri'petitiv] a.重复的 (e.g., )

clerical ['klerikәl] a.办公室工作的 (e.g., )

Internet              n.国际交互网

network ['netwә:k] n.网络 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 52

permanent ['pә:mәnәnt] a.永久的 (e.g., )

tint [tint] v.给染色 (e.g., )

delicate ['delikit] a.淡色的 (e.g., )

shade [ʃeid] n.色度 (e.g., )

observant [әb'zә:vnt] a.观察力敏锐的 (e.g., )

grayish            a.浅灰色的

dispel [dis'pel] v.驱散，消除 (e.g., )

outlandish [aut'lændiʃ] a.稀奇古怪的 (e.g., )

acquisition ['ækwi'ziʃәn] n.获得 (e.g., )

cosmetic [kɔz'metik] n.化妆品 (e.g., )

outrageous [aut'reidʒәs] a.出人预料的；令人不悦的 (e.g., )

fanciful ['fænsiful] a.想象出来的 (e.g., )

insoluble [in'sɔljubl] a.不可溶解的 (e.g., )

prompt [prɔmpt] v.敦促，激励 (e.g., )

exclusive [iks'klu:siv] a.独占的，独家的 (e.g., )

syllable ['silәbl] n.音节 (e.g., )

bewilderment [bi'wildәmәnt] n.迷惑，糊涂 (e.g., )

freckle ['frekl] n.雀斑 (e.g., )

evidently ['evidәntli] ad.显然地，明显地 (e.g., )

weird [wiәd] a.奇异的，古怪的 (e.g., )

concoction [kәn'kɔkʃәn] n.调制品 (e.g., )

intoxicate [in'tɔksikeit] v.陶醉，得意忘形 (e.g., )

blank [blæŋk] a.空白的 (e.g., )

discreetly [dis'kri:tli] ad.谨慎地 (e.g., )

clutch [klʌtʃ] v.抓住 (e.g., )

adorn [ә'dɔ:n] v.装饰，打扮 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 53

evolve [i'vɔlv] v.逐渐形成 (e.g., )

high-handed          a.高压的，专横的

incompetent [in'kɔmpitәnt] a.不够格的，不称职的 (e.g., )

over-zealously          ad.过分热情地

safeguard ['seifga:d] v.保护 (e.g., )

parliamentary ['pa:lә'mentәri] a.国会的 (e.g., )

qualified ['kwɔlifaid] a.合格的 (e.g., )

grievance ['gri:vәns] n.不平，冤屈 (e.g., )

Justiteombudsman     n.(瑞典的)司法特派员

ombudsman ['ɔmbәdzmæn] n.(瑞典和英国的)司法特派员 (e.g., )

secretive [si'kri:tiv] a.保密的 (e.g., )

correspondence ['kɔris'pɔndәns] n.来往信件 (e.g., )

alter ['ɔ:ltә] v.改变 (e.g., )

accusation ['ækju(:)'zeiʃәn] n.谴责，指控 (e.g., )

ascertain ['æsә'tein] v.查出，查明 (e.g., )

prejudiced ['predʒәdist] a.有偏见的，不公平的 (e.g., )

prompt [prɔmpt] v.敦促，激励 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 54

insect ['insekt] n.昆虫 (e.g., )

wage [weidʒ] v.进行(斗争) (e.g., )

contaminate [kәn'tæmineit] v.弄脏 (e.g., )

provocation ['prɔvә'keiʃәn] n.惹怒 (e.g., )

spider ['spaidә] n.蜘蛛 (e.g., )

wasp [wɔsp] n.黄蜂 (e.g., )

moth [mɔθ] n.飞蛾 (e.g., )

ant [ænt] n.蚂蚁 (e.g., )

revulsion [ri'vʌlʃәn] n.厌恶 (e.g., )

horde [hɔ:d] n.群 (e.g., )

uncanny [ʌn'kæni] a.神秘的，不可思议的 (e.g., )

erase [i'reiz] v.擦，抹去 (e.g., )

praying mantis            螳螂

entranced               a.出神的

beetle ['bi:tl] n.甲虫 (e.g., )

sheltered          a.伤不着的，无危险的

luscious ['lʌʃәs] a.甘美的 (e.g., )

cluster ['klʌstә] n.一簇，一群 (e.g., )

aphid ['eifid] n.蚜虫 (e.g., )

underside ['ʌndәsaid] n.底面，下侧 (e.g., )

colony ['kɔlәni] n.一群 (e.g., )

sticky ['stiki] a.粘的 (e.g., )

scurry ['skʌri] v.小步跑 (e.g., )

swarm [swɔ:m] v.聚集 (e.g., )

ingenuity ['indʒi'nju(:)iti] n.机灵 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 55

astronomy [әs'trɔnәmi] n.天文学 (e.g., )

relative ['relәtiv] a.相对的 (e.g., )

infinitely ['infinitli] ad.无限地，无穷地 (e.g., )

solar ['sәulә] a.太阳系的 (e.g., )

Venus ['vi:nәs] n.金星 (e.g., )

Mars [ma:z] n.火星 (e.g., )

orbit ['ɔ:bit] n.运行轨道 (e.g., )

astronomical ['æstrә'nɔmikәl] a.天文学的 (e.g., )

generate ['dʒenәreit] v.产生 (e.g., )

particle ['pa:tikl] n.微粒，粒子 (e.g., )

Jupiter ['dʒu:pitә] n.木星 (e.g., )

blot [blɔt] v.遮暗 (e.g., )

analyse ['ænәlaiz] v.分析 (e.g., )

bacteria [bæk'tiәriә] n.细菌 (e.g., )

oxygen ['ɔksidʒәn] n.氧气 (e.g., )

realm ['relm] n.领域 (e.g., )

endeavour        n.努力

 

Lesson 56

boundary ['baundәri] n.界线；边界 (e.g., )

pump [pʌmp] v.用泵抽 (e.g., )

overtake ['әuvә'teik] v.(坏天气、麻烦等)突然降临 (e.g., )

backwater ['bæk'wɔ:tә] n.回水河汊 (e.g., )

predecessor ['pri:disesә] n.前任 (e.g., )

meadow ['medәu] n.草地，草场 (e.g., )

crown [kraun] v.给…戴花环 (e.g., )

holly ['hɔli] n.一种冬青植物 (e.g., )

wreath [ri:θ] n.花环 (e.g., )

occurrence [ә'kʌrәns] n.偶发事件 (e.g., )

proportion [prә'pɔ:ʃәn] n.部分 (e.g., )

site [sait] v.使位于 (e.g., )

spell [spel] v.招致，带来 (e.g., )

stall [stɔ:l] n.牲口棚 (e.g., )

attic ['ætik] n.顶楼 (e.g., )

sweeping ['swi:piŋ] a.范围广大的 (e.g., )

critical ['kritikәl] a.危急的 (e.g., )

juncture ['dʒʌŋktʃә] n.时刻，关头 (e.g., )

raft [ra:ft] n.木筏 (e.g., )

unduly [ʌn'dju:li] ad.过度地 (e.g., )

foundations          n.地基

stoutly ['stautli] ad.牢固地，粗壮的 (e.g., )

submerge [sʌb'mә:dʒ] v.浸没 (e.g., )

grapple ['græpl] v.抓住 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 57

alien ['eiljәn] a.异国的，外国的 (e.g., )

emigrate ['emigreit] v.移居(国外) (e.g., )

absorb [әb'sɔ:b] v.全神贯注于 (e.g., )

embedded               a.扎牢的

mortally [-tәli] ad.致命地 (e.g., )

comprehensive ['kɔmpri'hensiv] a.广泛的；丰富的 (e.g., )

milestone ['mailstәun] n.里程碑 (e.g., )

territory ['teritәri] n.领地；地区 (e.g., )

milometer [mai'lɔmitә] n.计程表 (e.g., )

spire ['spaiә] n.(教堂的)塔尖 (e.g., )

retrace [ri'treis] v.返回，重走 (e.g., )

stumble ['stʌmbl] v.趔趄地走 (e.g., )

horizon [hә'raizn] n.地平线 (e.g., )

reservoir ['rezәvwa:] n.水库 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 58

lurk [lә:k] v.潜藏 (e.g., )

hinder ['hindә, 'haindә] v.妨碍 (e.g., )

fingerprint ['fiŋgәprint] n.指纹 (e.g., )

chaos ['keiɔs] n.混乱，无秩序 (e.g., )

inconceivable ['inkәn'si:vәbl] a.不可思议的 (e.g., )

veritable ['veritәbl] a.真正的，地地道道的 (e.g., )

magpie ['mægpai] n.喜欢收藏物品的人 (e.g., )

toss [tɔs] v.扔 (e.g., )

discard [dis'ka:d] v.丢弃 (e.g., )

constable ['kʌnstәbl] n.警察 (e.g., )

ransack ['rænsæk] v.洗劫 (e.g., )

balcony ['bælkәni] n.阳台 (e.g., )

fussy ['fʌsi] a.大惊小怪的，小题大做的 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 59

amass [ә'mæs] v.积聚，收集 (e.g., )

indiscriminate ['indis'kriminit] a.不加选择的 (e.g., )

clutter ['klʌtә [ n.] v.一堆杂物;乱糟糟地堆满 (e.g., )

string [striŋ] n.细线, 细绳 (e.g., )

requisite ['rekwizit] n.必需品 (e.g., )

mania ['meinjә] n.癖好,狂热 (e.g., )

sketch [sketʃ] n.草图，图样 (e.g., )

remote [ri'mәut] a.(机会，可能性)极少的，小的 (e.g., )

strong-minded         a.意志坚强的

relaxation [ri:læk'seiʃәn] n.休息，娱乐 (e.g., )

verify ['verifai] v.查证，核实 (e.g., )

bearing ['bєәriŋ] n.关系，联系 (e.g., )

like-minded           a.志趣相投的

specimen ['spesimin] n.标本 (e.g., )

constructively         ad.有益的，积极的

contented [kәn'tentid] a.心满意足的 (e.g., )

boredom ['bɔ:dәm] n.烦恼，无聊 (e.g., )

 

Lesson 60

punctuality ['pʌŋktju'æliti] n.准时 (e.g., )

rural ['ruәrәl] ad.农村的 (e.g., )

disregard ['disri'ga:d] v.不顾，无视 (e.g., )

intellectual ['inti'lektjuәl] n.知识分子 (e.g., )

abstruse [æb'stru:s] a.深奥的 (e.g., )

coordinate [kәu'ɔdinit] v.协调 (e.g., )

reproach [ri'prәutʃ] v.责备 (e.g., )

puncture ['pʌŋktʃә] v.刺破(轮胎) (e.g., )

diversion [dai'vә:ʃәn] n.改道，绕道 (e.g., )

trial ['traiәl] n.讨厌的事、人 (e.g., )

fraction ['frækʃәn] n.很小一点儿 (e.g., )

flourish ['flʌriʃ] n.挥舞(打手势) (e.g., )

microscopic ['maikrә'skɔpik] a.微小的 (e.g., )

adamant ['ædәmәnt] a.坚定的，不动摇的 (e.g., )



## New Concept English 4: Fluency in English





























































































































































































