---
layout: post
title: 英语学习--短语和句子
date: 2022-05-28 15:30:35.000000000 +08:00
tags: English
---

> Excuse me

中文 | 例句
---- | ----
1、对不起，打扰了 | 
2、借过，让一让 |
3、失陪了 |
4、麻烦再说一遍 |

> n. + please 

中文 | 例句
---- | ----
点餐时 | A roast duck, please.
购物时 | This shirt, please.
进站时 | Your ID card, please.
其他   | My coat and my umbrella, please.

> 常用语

```
Sit down, please. / Have a seat.
All right. // OK.
```

> 有始有终
```
There is a beginning, a middle, and an end.
```

> 家务

```
make the bed.       铺床
sweep the floor.    拖地
dust the table.     擦桌子
```

> on/off

```
put on / take off
turn on / turn off
```

> 家谱：a family tree

> 追赶：run after

> 跑步运动员：runner

> 您先请：After you.

> 情书： a love letter

> 天气

```
It is fine today.
It is bad in spring.
It is nice in summer.
The sun is shining.
```

> Just between you and me, don't tell others.

> Say cheese! 茄子

> Can you sugar coat a little? 你可以稍微委婉一点吗？

> Not very.

> What's in/on/under/... it?

> Hurry up! / Be quick!

> make the tea \ make some coffee \ make the bed 沏茶、冲咖啡、整理床铺

> It's over there. \ It's right here.

> wait a minute

> ask the way 问路

```
Can I ask you a question?
Can I ask you the way?
```

> next door

```
She is next door.
The next-door girl is very beautiful.
The old man next-door is going to leave.
```

> Can you give me a hand? 可以出手帮忙吗？

> traffic jam 交通拥堵 jam 果酱

> the apple of one's eyes 掌上明珠

> the big apple 纽约市

> Adam's aplle 喉结

> at the butcher's 在肉店

```
at the doctor's
at the hairdresser's
at the baker's
at the stationer's
at the greengrocer's
```

> Where do you come from? \ Where are you from?

> What's your new job like? \ How's you new job?

> Which seasons do you like best? \ Which are your favorite seasons?

> see her friend \ come home from school \ come home from work \ go to bed \ read newspaper \ watch television

> I am going to sit down on the grass. \ I'm gonna sit down on the grass.

> what else? \ who else? \ which else? \ ...

> call sb. \ phone sb. \ give sb. a call \ give sb. a phone

> stairs

```
come upstairs 上楼来
go downstairs 下楼去
```

> cold

```
a cold day
a cold handshake
the cold color
a bad cold
```

> He is in bed. 生病卧床 \ He is in the bed. 在床上睡觉

```
The man is in hosptial. 生病住院
The nurse is in the hosptial. 护士在医院工作
```

> what's the matter with him? \ what's wrong with sb.? \ what's up?

> get up 起床

> rich food \ mild food \ spicy food \ green food \ fast food \ sea food

> the key to the door  门的钥匙，

```
the answer to the question
the exit to the building
the ticket to the movie
```

一般的词都用of 
`the color of the book`

> ..self

```
He himself sent me a gift.
I see WangXiaoya herself.
Take good care of yourself.
enjoy yourself.
I'm going to swim by myself.
He's going to learn English by himself.
It's just between ourselves.
They enjoy themsslves.
Help yourselves, please.
```

> It is the year of the snake.

> five other cars  其他5辆车

> one time / once     two time / twice

> answer the phone \ answer the question

> 电话用语

```
Hello. It's Venus. \ This is Venus.
Is Mr.Lee in?
Who is calling please?
It's his friend, Venus.
Please hold on.
Sorry, he is in a meeting.
OK, tell him to call me latter.
OK, Bye.
```

> a green hand

> pocket money 零花钱

> lose one's way 迷路

> in fashion \ out of fashion

> I do love you. 我确实爱你

> urgent to do : 坚持要    urgent：紧急的

His father is urgent to get a girlfriend for him.

> at all

```
It doesn't matter at all.
Not at all.
```

> have a cigarette

> Then no. 那就算了

> Aren't you lucky!

> Honesty ever pays. \ Honesty always pay.

> He has been there.  \ Have you just been to the cinema?

has been: 去过，现在在这
has gona：去了，现在不在这

> They are trying fo finish it. \ He tried his best to study English.

> Not yet. 还没有

> To tell you the truth, the girl is petty.

> Because of you, I try my hardest just to forget everything.

> It's worth every penny of it.

> Women always have the last word.

> People do not know the value of health till they lose it.

> Please give \ send him my regards.

> return tickets \ single (journey) ticket

> The clock is ten minutes slow.

> You'd better stay in bed.

> Why not stay in bed?

> I advise you to stay in bed.

> He had better not go to school.

> Please zip your lips. \ Shut up.

> What party do you belong to?

> 形容词顺序

限定描绘大长高，形状年龄和新老，颜色国籍和材料

```
a small round British coin.
a beautiful new black leather jacket.
This pretty little Spanish girl is Linda's cousin.
```

> Be careful slippery floor. \ Caution wet floor.

slip   滑倒

> the back door  后门

> at once  \ right now

> have an X-rany

> driving license  驾照

> slip my mind  忘记了

It's slip my mind.

> slip of the pen  笔误

> slip of the tongue   口误

> the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland

> a business card \ a credit card \ a bank card

> a Football Association

> I'll be back soon.

> lvy League 常春藤联合会

> I hope you are all well.

> It's a nice day, isn't it?

> 写信
```
I am very glad to hear from you.
I'm writing to tell you that ... . 
I hope you are all well. 
Best wishes to you. 
I'm looking forward to your reply
```

> Our class made a high score in the last test.

> We'll eat some of the bread and keep the rest for breakfast.

> Not to bad.

> sixteen questions \ sixteen of the questions

> He didn't write a word. \ He didn't say a word. \ He didn't make any money.

> The baby is too young to eat by himself.

> Never too old to learn.

> Life is too short to waste.

> He is a walking dictionary.

> want sb. to do - don't want sb. to do

> tell sb. to do - tell sb. not to do

> want to ... = wanna

I want to have a big house in Beijing. \ I wanna have a big house in Beijing.

> thanks = thx

> kind of  = kinda

> going to = gonna

> got it?

> You wish?

> So what?

> No way!

> No offence. 没有冒犯的意思

> Eyes front！ 朝前看

> Good point!

> All right. 

> The shop sells food for babies as well. \ The shop sells food for babies too. \ The shop also sells food for babies.

> Would you like to go to my party? Yes, I'd love/like to.

> It must be my size.

> It is the largest crowd I have ever seen.

> East, west, home is best.

> Facts speak louder than words.

> Health is better than wealth.

> The sauce is better than the fish.

> There is not best, but better. \ To make the best even better.

> What a pity!

> I'll have some rice instead.

> 提建议

```
Shall I ...?
Would you like to ...?
May I have ...?
Can I have ...?
Could you please ...?
```

> half an hour. \ one and a half hours. \ an hour and a half.

> Oops! I put in sugar instead of salt.

> Eat more and smoke less.

> I was wondering if you would like to ... ?

> I can afford the car. \ I can afford to buy the car.

> I paid a deposit of fifty thousand to buy the car.

> He bought a house on installments.

> what's the price? \ how much is it? \ how much does it cost?

> It's not as good as the expensive.

> Millionaires don't buy things on installments.

> She is not as fat as she was before.

> Can you change a ten-pound note? \ I want my change. \ Do you have any small change?

> get in the car \ get on the train \ get off the train

> They all went to sleep except me. \ No one wears glasses beside you.

> Here are some of yours favorite books. \ None of the money is mine.

> Those kings will always be there to guide you. So will I.

> I like Lee Hong. So do I.

> knock at the door

> Everything is quite.

> He invite me to have a meal. \ He invited me to a meal.

> She is only joking.

> make a joke

> Can you see anything? Nothing at all.

> There is none left.

> There is no one at home.

> He is asleep. \ He is alive. \ He is awake.

> impossible is nothing.

> Anything is possible.

> Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it.

> She wants her son to become somebody.  她希望她儿子成为一个人物

> Nothing could ever stand between you and the free land.  没有什么能阻挡我对自由的向往

> a big mouth

> He tried to swallow the food.

swallow: 吞下、燕子

> Hello, I'm Venus, an English teacher in New Oriental.

> He put both into his mouth. \ We both tried to get the coins.