---
layout: post
title: 英语学习--背课文
date: 2022-12-2 17:30:35.000000000 +08:00
tags: English
---

## Lesson1  A private conversion

Last week I went to the theatre(~~theater~~). I had a very good seat. The play was very interesting. But I did(could) not enjoy it. A young man and a young woman were sitting behind me. They were talking loudly. I got(~~was~~) very angry. Because I could not hear the actors. I turned round and looked at the man and the woman (them) angrily. They did not pay any attention(~~attension~~). In the end (At last), I could not bear it. I turned round again, 'I can't hear a(any) word.', I said angrily.

'It's none of your business', the young man said rudely, 'This is a private conversion.'

错误点：
1. 我很生气：I got(~~was~~) very angry

## Lesson2 Breakfast or lunch?

It was Sunday(~~sunday~~), and I never get(~~got~~) up early on Sundays(~~sundays~~). I sometimes stay in bed until lunchtime(~~Sometimes I sleep until launch~~). Last sunday, I got up very late. I looked out of the window. It was dark **outside**. 'What a day.' I thought. 'It's(~~It~~) raining again.' Just them (~~Just the moment~~), the telephone rang. It was my aunt Lucy. 'I have just arrived by train(~~got off the train~~).' she said. 'I'm coming to see you.'

'But I'm **still** having breakfast' I said.
'What are you doing?' She asked.
'I'm having breakfast' I repeated.
'Dear me.' she said, 'Do(~~Are~~) you always get up so late? It's one clock.'

错误点：
1. Sunday 的 S 大写
2. It's raining again，少了 's, 这是进行时的关键
3. still这个词很关键，表示还在干什么
4. 一般疑问句，没有区别什么时候用Do，什么时候用Are

## Lesson3 Please send me a card

Postcards(~~Cards~~) alway spoil my holidays(~~holiday~~). Last summer, I went to Italy. I visited museums(~~memuses~~), and sat in public gardens(~~and went to parks~~). A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian(~~some Itanly~~), then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not (~~could not~~) understand a word. Every day I thought about postcards(~~cards~~). My holidays passed quickly(~~Time passed quickly~~), but I did not send cards to my friends (and I haven't sent a card). On the last day (~~At last day~~), I made(~~make~~) a big decision. I got up early and bought(~~brought~~) thirty-seven cards. I spent the(~~a~~) whole day in my(~~the~~) room, but I did not write (~~haven't finished~~) a single card.

错误点：
1. 明信片是Postcard，card太宽泛
2. holidays，没加s，这个很关键
3. 几句意大利语：a few words of Italian
4. 假期过的很快：My holidays passed quickly
5. last day前用错了，不是at，应该是on，另外没加the
6. whole day前面的冠词是the，不是a

## Lesson4 An exciting trip

I have just received a letter from my brother, Tim. He is in Australia(~~Austria~~). He has(~~have~~) been there for fix months. Tim is an engineer. He is working(~~works~~) for a big firm and he have already visited a **great** number of **different** places in Australia(~~Austria~~). He has(~~have~~) just bought a new Australian(~~Austrian~~) cars and has gone to (~~is visiting~~) Alice Springs, a small town in the centre of Australia(~~Austria~~). He will soon visit(arrive) Darwin. Then he will fly to Perth from there. My brother has(~~have~~) never been aboard **before**. So he is finding (~~thought~~) this trip is very exciting.

错误点：
1. 没有注意三单，he后面应该是has，不是have
2. 他觉得这次旅行很有趣：觉得用is finding很地道，thought感觉不合适，可能feel都可以

## Lesson5 No wrong numbers

Mr. James Scott has a garage in Silbury and now he has just brought another garage in Pinhurst. Pinhurst is only file mile from Silbury, but Mr. Scott cannot get a telephone for his new garage, so he has just bought(~~brought~~) twelve pigeons. Yesterday, a pigeon carried the first(a) message from Pinhurst to Silbury. This bird covered the distance (finished the way) in three minutes. Up to now, Mr. Scott has send **a great many** requests for spare parts and **other** urgent messages from one garage to the other (~~another~~). In this way (~~like this~~), he has begun (~~started~~) his own private telephone service.

错误点：
1. buy的过去式是bought，brought是bring的过去式
2. (other, the other, others, the others与another的用法区别)[https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/70406503]

## Lesson6 Percy Buttons

I have just moved to a house in(~~at~~) Bridge Street. Yesterday a beggar knocked **at** my door. He asked me **for** a meal and a glass of beer. In return for this(~~As return~~), the beggar stood on his head(~~opposite~~) and sang songs. I gave him a meal. He ate **the** food and drank **the** beer. Then he put a piece of (~~a~~) cheese in his pocket and went(~~walk~~) away. Later a neighbour told me about him(~~his situation~~). Everybody konws (~~know~~) him, his name is Percy Buttons. He calls at (visits) every(each) house in(~~at~~) the street once a month(every month), and always asks for (beg) a meal and a glass of beer.

错误点：
1. house不是at Bridge Street, house是in Bridge Street
2. knocked **at** my door，knocked 后面加at
3. asked me **for** a meal 中间需要for
4. 作为这些的回报: In return for this
5. 倒立: stood on his head
6. food 和 beer 前面要加冠词 the
7. cheese是不可数的，要用 a piece of
8. 走了用go away, 比walk away好，因为可以是坐车走了等
9. 关于他的情况：about him，这样就很地道，不需要什么his situation等
10. everybody算三单，后面接knows

## Lesson7 Too late

The plane was(~~is~~) late and detectives were waiting at the airport all morning(~~waited the whole morning in the airport~~). They were expecting(~~excepting~~) a valuable(expensive) parcel of(~~with~~) diamonds (~~which comes~~) from South Africa. A few hours earlier(Serval hours ago), someone had told (reported) to the police (~~polices~~) that thieves (~~someone~~) **would** tried to steal the(these) diamonds. When the airplane arrived, some **of the** detectives were waiting in **the** main building while(~~and~~) (~~the~~) others were waiting on the airfield. Two men took the parcel off the plane(got off the plane with the parcel) and carried it into (came to) the Customs House(~~customs office~~). While two detectives were keeping guard **at the door**, two others (another two detectives) opened the parcel. **To their surprise** (~~they surprised~~) , the **precious**(expensive) parcel was full of stones and sand(~~sands~~).

错误点：
1. 过去的事情用was
2. 一整个早上，句子应该用过去进行时
3. 应该是at the airport, 不是 in the airport
4. except是除...之外, expect才是期望
5. diamonds后面之间加from South Africa, 非常简洁
6. 几个小时前的时，用过去完成时，因为本身时过去时，再之前就是过去完成时
7. 泛指的时候，the police不要加s
8. some detectives 和 some of the detectives 意思不是很一样，后者更加准确一点
9. main building 加 the
10. while 用的好
11. took the parcel off the plane 用的很简洁，took off 用的很精妙
12. To their surprise, 不是to they surprised
13. sand不可数

## Lesson8 The best and the worst

Joe Sanders has the most beautiful garden in our town. Nearly(Almost) everybody enters for(will take part in) 'The Nicest Garden Competition'('The best garden race') each(every) year. But Joe wins every time(~~all the time~~). Bill Frith's garden is larger(~~bigger~~) than Joe's. Bill works harder than Joe, and grows(plants) more flowers and vegetables, but Joe's garden is more interesting. He has made neat path (build many clean roads) and has built (build) a small wooden(~~wood~~) bridge over a(~~the~~) pool. I like gardens(~~garden~~) too, but I don't like hard work. Every year I enter for(take part in) **the** garden competition(race) too, and I always win(get) a little prize for the worst garden in(~~of~~) the town.


错误点：
1. all the time 是一直，始终，总是的意思，每次应该是every time
2. 空间上的大，应该用larger
3. neat 整齐的，整洁的
4. wood不是adj.，应该用wooden
5. I like gardens, 这里是泛指，要加s
6. garden competition前要加冠词the

## Lesson9 A cold welcome

On Wednesday evening, we went to the Town Hall. It was(~~is~~) **the** last day of **the** year and a large crowd(~~cowed~~) **of people** **had** gathered under the Town Hall Clock (clock of the hall). It would strike twelve in twenty minutes' time. (After twenty minutes, the big clock would strike twelve times.) Fifteen minutes passed and then, at five to twelve(eleven fifty-five), the clock stopped. The big minute **hand** didn't move. We waited and waited, but nothing happened. Suddenly someone (one person) shouted, 'It's two **minutes** past twelve, the clock has(~~is~~) stopped', I looked at my watch, it was true. The big clock refused to (didn't) welcome **the** New Year (new year). At that moment, everybody began to laugh and sing (was laughing and singing).

错误点：
1. 时刻注意时态
2. last day 和 year 前面要加the
3. **a large crowd of people**
4. the clock has(~~is~~) stopped
5. the New Year, 记得冠词the
6. (in five minutes  5分钟之后) vs (in five minutes' time  在5分钟的时间里)

## Lesson10 Not for jazz

We(~~My home~~) have an(~~a~~) old musical instrument. It is called clavichord. It was (~~It's~~) made in Germany in 1681. Our clavichord is kept (~~was put~~) in living room. It has belonged to our family (we have this instrument) for a long time. The instrument was bought by my grandfather many years ago. It was damaged(broken) by a visitor recently. She tried to play jazz on it (~~she used it play jazz~~). She struck(hit) the keys too hard and two of the strings **were** broken(so hard that two stings was broken). My father was shocked. Now we are not allowed to touch it. (My father was so surprised that we are not allowed to touch it). It **is being repaired** by a friend of my fathers'. (One of my father's friends is repairing this instrument.)

错误点：
1. 我家怎么翻译？课文用了we代指，比较简略，依赖上下文。如果真正翻译应该是这样：我家有个古董: I have an antique at home. / Our family have an antique.
2. old 前面是 an，不是a
3. 注意时态，因为是过去made的，所以用was made
4. 而放在起居室，则是一般现在时，因为一直都在
5. she used it play jazz 不地道
6. broken 前面是 were, 因为是two strings
7. a friend of my fathers / One of my father's friends 都可以

## Lesson11 One good turn deserves another

I was having dinner(eating) at(~~in~~) a restaurant when Tony Steele came in(~~came towards me~~). Tony worked in a layer's office years ago (Tony has worked in a layer's office), but he is now working at(~~for~~) a bank. He gets a good salary (~~His salary is high~~), but he always borrows money from **his** friends and never pays **it** back. Tony saw me and came and sat(~~sit~~) at the same table. He has never borrowed money from me. When he was(~~is~~) eating, I asked(~~ask~~) him to(~~for~~) lend me twenty pounds. To my surprise, he gave me **the** money immediately(at once). 'I have never borrowed **any** money from you,' Tony said, 'So now you can pay for my dinner(~~So now you could pay the meal for me~~)'.

错误点：
1. 正在吃饭翻译成 having dinner，eating应该也可以
2. at(~~in~~) a restaurant 不是 in 
3. working at(~~for~~) a bank 不是 for
4. He gets a good salary 他的薪水很高
5. borrows money from **his** friends
6. pays **it** back
7. 时刻注意时态
8. asked him to(~~for~~)
9. money 前面加the

## Lesson12 Goodbye and good luck

Our neighbour, Captain Charles Alison, will sail(set out) from Portsmouth. We will meet him at  **the** harbour **early in the morning**. He will be(~~sit~~) in his small boat, Topsail. Topsail is a famous **little** boat, it has **sailed** cross **the** Atlantic many times. Captain Alison will set out at eight o'clock, so we'll have plenty of(~~enough~~) time. We will see(visit) his boat, and then we'll say goodby to him. He will be away (leave) **for** two months, we are very proud of him. He will take part in an important race (~~about~~) cross **the** Atlantic.

错误点：
1. 一大早: early in the morning
2. be: where will he be? he will be in his small boat.
3. has **sailed** cross: has后面要跟动词的
4. **the** Atlantic
5. He will be away (leave) **for** two months：for 很关键

## Lesson13 The Greenwood Boys

The Greenwood Boys are(~~is~~) a group of pop singers (~~a popular sing group~~). At present(Now) they are visiting all parts of the country(~~playing around the country~~). They will be arriving here tomorrow. They will be coming by train and most of **the** young people(man) in the town will be meeting them at the station. Tomorrow evening they will be singing(playing) at the Workers' Club(~~Worker Club~~). The Greenwood Boys will be staying (~~here~~) for five days. During(~~At~~) this time, they will give five performances (play five times) . As usual, the police will have **a** difficult(~~bad~~) time. They will be trying (~~need to try~~) to keep order. It is always the same on these occasions (~~It always be this situation on this occassition~~).

错误点：
1. most of **the** young people(man): the
2. Workers' Club(~~Worker Club~~): workers'
3. the police will have **a** difficult(~~bad~~) time: a

## Lesson14 Do you speak English?

I had an(~~a~~) amusing(interesting) experience last year . After **I had** left a small village in(~~at~~) **the** South of France, I drove **on** to(~~went on driving to~~) the next town. On the way(During the trip), a young man waved to me. I stopped and he asked me for a lift. As soon as he had got into (~~got on~~) the car, I said(say) good morning (hello) to him in French and he repiled(returned) me in(~~by~~) the same language(French too). Apart from a few words, I don't know any French at all. (~~I didn't understand French except for a few words~~). Neither of us spoke（~~We didn't speak~~) during the journey(trip). I had nearly reached the town, when the young man suddenly said, very slowly, 'Do you speak English?' As I soon learnt, he was English himself.(~~When we would soon arrive the town, the young man speak sunddenly, he speak lowly, 'Do you speak English?' I soon understood, he is an English himself.~~)

错误点：
1. 过去的过去，用过去完成时
2. in(~~at~~) **the** South of France: in the
3. I drove **on** to the next town: 我继续驶往下一个城镇, on 有继续地，不停顿地 意思。(google translate: I keep driving to the next town)
4. on the way
5. had got into (~~got on~~) the car
6. 该用一般现在时就用一般现在时
7. 该用过去时就用过去时
8. he was (~~an~~) English himself.

## Lesson15 Good news

The secretary told me that Mr. Harmsworth would (wanted to) see me. I felt very nervous when I went into his office. He didn't look up **from his desk** when I entered(came in). After I **had** sat down, he said that (~~the~~) business was very bad. He (~~also~~) told me that the firm(company) couldn't afford to pay such large salaries(~~offer such a large salary~~), twenty people had **already** left. I knew that my turn had come(it was my turn).
'Mr. Harmsworth' I said **in a weak voice**.
'Don't interrupt (~~me~~)', he said.
Then he smiled and told me I would receive(get) **an** extra 1000 pounds a(~~every~~) year.

错误点：
1. 过去的过去，用过去完成时
2. twenty people had **already** left: already
3. I would receive(get) **an** extra 1000 pounds a(~~every~~) year.
4. such vs such a

'Such':
is followed by plural(复数) countable or uncountable nouns.

'Such a':
is followed by singular countable nouns.

The little girl is such a matured person. ( Not 'The little girl is such matured person.') 

I have never seen such terrible accidents. (Not 'I have never seen such a terrible accidents.') 

## Lesson16 A polite request

If you park(~~put~~) your car in **the** wrong place, a traffic policeman will soon find it. You will be(~~are~~) lucky if he lets you go without a ticket, However, this doesn't always happen (~~it isn't alway like that~~). Traffic police are sometimes very polite. During a holiday in Sweden (One day I had a holiday in Sweden), I found this note (that there is a ticket) on(~~in~~) my car, 'Sir, we welcome you to our city, this is **a** No Parking area. You will enjoy your stay here if you pay attention to our street signs (If you pay some attention on the sign in the street, you will enjoy yourself). This note is only a reminder(~~Please pay attention on it~~).' If you receive a request like this, you can't fail to obey it (~~you won't do against it~~). 

错误点：
1. You will be(~~are~~) lucky if ...
2. this doesn't always happen (~~it isn't alway like that~~): it isn't... 没有宾语
3. I found this note (that there is a ticket) on(~~in~~) my car: on my car
4. this is **a** No Parking area: a
5. This note is only a reminder(~~Please pay attention on it~~). 谨此提醒注意
6. 你一定会遵照执行的：you will obey it certainly / surely ?

## Lesson17 Always young

My aunt Jennifer is an(~~a~~) actress. She must be (~~is~~) at least thirty-five years old. In spite of this(~~However~~), she often appears on the stage as a young girl(~~she often act a little girl on the stage~~). Jennifer will have to take part in a new play soon (Jennifer will soon take part in a new play). This time, she will be a girl of seventeen (she act a girl which is seventeen years old). **In the play**, she must appear in (wear) a **bright** red dress and long black stockings. Last year **in another play**, she had to wear short socks and a bright, orange-coloured dress. If anyone(you) **ever** asks(~~ask~~) how old she is, she always answers(~~answered~~), 'Daring, it must be terrible to be grown up(~~it's awful to grow up~~).'

错误点：
1. an(~~a~~) actress
2. must be (~~is~~)
3. In spite of this(~~However~~),
4. a young girl(~~a little girl~~)
5. If anyone(you) **ever** asks(~~ask~~) how old she is: asks
6. she always answers(~~answered~~): answers 
7. 'Daring, it must be terrible to be grown up(~~it's awful to grow up~~).'

## Lesson18 He often does this

After I had had lunch at(~~in~~) a village club, I looked for my bag. I had left(put) it on a chair beside(near) the door, and now it wasn't there. AS(When) I was looking for it, the landlord(~~club boss~~) came in.
'Do you have a good meal(enjoy the lunch)?' he asked.
'Yes. Thank you.' I answered, 'But I can't pay the bill(for it), I haven't got my bag (my bag is missed).'
The landlord(~~club boss~~) smiled and immediately went out. In a few minutes(After a while), he returned with my bag and gave it back to me (he came back took with my bag, and return it to me).
'I'm very sorry,' he said, 'My dog had taken(~~got~~) it into **the** garden, he often does this.'

错误点：
1. After I had had lunch at(~~in~~) a village club: at
2. 'Do you have a good meal(enjoy the lunch)?'
3.  My dog had taken(~~got~~) it into **the** garden: taken, the

## Lesson19 Sold out

'The play may begin at any moment.' I said.
'It may have begun already (Maybe it has already began).' Susan answered.
I hurried to the ticket office(~~I went to the sells place hurily~~), 'May I have two tickets please(Can I buy two tickets)?' I asked.
'I'm sorry, we've(~~It~~) sold out' The girl said.
'What a pity!' Susan exclaimed(said loudly).
Just then, a man hurried to the ticket office(~~went to the sells place~~).
'Can I return these(~~this~~) two tickets?' He asked.
'Certainly(Of course).' the girl said.
I went back to the ticket office(~~sells place~~) at once.
'Could I have those two ticket please? (Can I buy that two tickets?)' I asked.
'Certainly(Of course)' the girl said, 'but they are for next Wednesday's performance(~~the tickets is next Wendesday~~). Do you still want them(~~it~~)?'
'I might as well have them(I think I'd better get it)' I said sadly.

错误点：
1. I hurried to the ticket office(~~I went to the sells place hurily~~)
2. 'May I have two tickets please(Can I buy two tickets)?' I asked.
3. 'I'm sorry, we've(~~It~~) sold out'
4. 'Can I return these(~~this~~) two tickets?': these
5. 'Could I have those two ticket please? (Can I buy that two tickets?)'
6. but they are for next Wednesday's performance(~~the tickets is next Wendesday~~).

## Lesson20 One man in a boat

Fishing is my favourite sport. I often fish **for** (serval) hours without catching(get) anything. But this does worry me (~~I don't boring it~~). Some fishermen are unlucky (aren't lucky). **Instead of catching fish,** they catch(got) old boots and rubbish. I am even less lucky(~~I gets less than theirs~~). I never catch anything-not even old boots(~~I got nothing, even old shoes~~). After having spent whole mornings on the river, I always go home with an empty bag(~~I always stay at boat all morning and go back home with nothing.~~) 'You must give up fishing(~~You should not go fishing again.~~)' my friends say, 'It's a waste of time (It wastes you time)'. But they don't realize one(an) important thing, I am not really interested in fishing, I'm **only** interested in sitting in a boat and do nothing at all (~~lone, without other things~~).

错误点：
1. I often fish **for** (serval) hours without catching(get) anything: for, catching
2. But this does worry me (~~I don't boring it~~).
3. I am even less lucky(~~I gets less than theirs~~).
4. I never catch anything-not even old boots(~~I got nothing, even old shoes~~).
5. After having spent whole mornings on the river, I always go home with an empty bag(~~I always stay at boat all morning and go back home with nothing.~~)
6. You must give up fishing(~~You should not go fishing again.~~)
7. It's a waste of time (It wastes you time).
8. I'm **only** interested in sitting in a boat and do nothing at all (~~lone, without other things~~).
9. 我喜欢独自一人: I like to be alone

## Lesson21 Mad or not?

Aeroplanes are slowly driving me mad(~~The airplane is coming made me mad~~). I live near an(~~a~~) airport and passing planes can be heard **night and day**. (I can hear the airplane passed day and night). The airport was built (many) years ago. But for some reason is could not be used then(it was used by some reason). Last year, however, it came into (~~started to~~) use. **Over** a hundred people must have been **driven away** from their homes (~~There must be one hundred people left house~~) by the noise. I am one of the few people (those who) left. Sometimes I think(feel) this house will be **knocked down** (crashed) by a passing plane. I have been offered a large sum of money to **go away** (They have offered me a lot of money to leave). But I am determined (decided) to stay here. Everybody says I must be mad(crazy) and they are probably right(maybe they are right).

错误点：
1. Aeroplanes are slowly driving me mad(~~The airplane is coming made me mad~~)
2. it came into (~~started to~~) use
3. driven away: 赶走，逼走
4. **Over** a hundred people must have been **driven away** from their homes (~~There must be one hundred people left house~~) by the noise. 

## Lesson22 A glass envelope

My daughter, Jane, never dreamed of receiving a letter from a girl of her own age **in** Holland(~~has never thought she would receive a letter from a same age girl from Holland~~). Last year, we were travelling across (~~crossing~~) the channel and Jane put a piece of paper with her name and address on it into a bottle. She threw the bottle into the sea.(~~throwed a bottle into the sea with a note wrote her name nad address in it~~). She never thought (did think about) it again. But ten months later (after ten months), she received a letter from a girl in Holland. Both girls write to each other **regularly** now(~~two girls can get comuntion~~). However, they have decided **to** use **the** post office. Letters will cost **a little** more, but they will centainly travel fast(~~it more quickly~~).

错误点：
1. a girl of her own age **in** Holland
2. we were travelling across (~~acrossing~~) the channel: across不是动词
3. they have decided **to** use **the** post office.
4. Letters will cost **a little** more, but they will centainly travel fast(~~it more quickly~~).

## Lesson23 A new house

I had(received) a letter from my sister yesterday , she lives in Nigeria. In her letter, she said that she would come to England next year. If she comes, she will get a surprise(~~feel very surprised~~). We are now living a new beautiful house in the country. Work on it had begun (The house had begun to build) before my sister left. The house **was** completed(finished) five months ago. **In my letter**, I told her that she could stay(live) with us. The house has many large(~~big~~) rooms and there is a lovely(beautiful) garden. It's a very modern house, so it looks (it's a little) strange for some people. It must be the only modern house in this district.

错误点：
1. she will get a surprise(~~feel very surprised~~).
2. The house **was** completed(finished) five months ago: was
3. The house has many large(~~big~~) rooms

## Lesson24 It could be worse

I entered(~~went into~~) the hotel manager's office and sat down. I had just lost fifty pounds and I felt very upset(angry). 'I let(put) the(my) money in my(the) room' I said. 'and it's not there now.' The manager was(felt) sympathetic, but he could do nothing. 'Everyone is losing(loses) (~~their~~) money **these day**.' he said. He started(began) to complain **about** this(the) wicked(worse) world but (~~he~~) was interrupted by a knock **at the** door. A gril came in and put an envelope (~~a letter~~) on his desk. It contained(~~contain~~) fifty pounds. 'I found this outside this gentleman's room(~~This is a bag which I got outside the door of this sir~~).' she said. 'Well', I said to the manager, 'there is still some honesty in this world(~~The world has hornest~~).'

错误点：
1. I entered(~~went into~~) the hotel manager's office
2. Everyone is losing(loses) (~~their~~) money **these day**.
3. He started(began) to complain **about** this(the) wicked(worse) world but (~~he~~) was interrupted by a knock **at the** door.
4. A gril came in and put an envelope (~~a letter~~) on his desk. 
5. It contained(~~contain~~) fifty pounds.
6. I found this outside this gentleman's room(~~This is a bag which I got outside the door of this sir~~).
7. there is still some honesty in this world(~~The world has hornest~~).

## Lesson25 Do the English speak English?

I arrived in London at last (finally). The railway station was(~~is~~) big, black and dark. I didn't know the way to my(the) hotel, so I asked a porter. I not only spoke English very carefully(seriously), but very clearly as well. The porter, however, couldn't(~~didn't~~) understand me. I repeated my question several times and at last he understood. He answered **me**, but he spoke neither slowly nor clearly. 'I'm a foreigner', I said. Then he spoke slowly, but I (still) couldn't understand him (~~either~~). My teacher (~~had~~) never spoke english like that. The porter and I looked at each other and smiled. Then, he said something (else) and I understood it (this time). 'You will soon learn English!' he said. (I felt very strange), I wonder, In England, each person speaks(spoke) different language. The English can understand each other, but I don't understand them. Do(~~are~~) they speak English?

错误点：
1. The porter, however, couldn't(~~didn't~~) understand me.
2. He answered **me**
3. but I (still) couldn't understand him (~~either~~).
4. each person speaks(spoke) different language
5. Do(~~are~~) they speak English?

## Lesson26 The best art critics

I am an art student and paint a lot of pictures. Many people pretend that they understand modern art. They always tell you what a picture **is** 'about'. Of course, many pictures are not 'about' anything. They are **just** pretty pattern. We like them in the same way(just as) we like pretty curtain material. I think that young(the) children often appreciate modern pictures **better than** anyone(~~someone~~) else. They notice more. My sister is only seven (years old), but she always tells me whether my pictures are good or not. She came into my room yesterday.
'What are you doing?' she asked.
'I'm hanging this picture on the hall,' I answered. 'It's a new one. Do you like it?'
She looked at it **critically** for a moment. 'It's all right,' she said, 'but isn't it **upside down**?'
I looked at it again. She was(~~is~~) right. It was(~~is~~).

错误点：
1. They always tell you what a picture **is** 'about'.
2. Of course, many pictures are not 'about' anything
3. We like them in the same way(just as) we like pretty curtain material.
4. I think that young(the) children often appreciate modern pictures **better than** anyone(~~someone~~) else.
5. She looked at it **critically** for a moment. 'It's all right,' she said, 'but isn't it **upside down**?'
6. I looked at it again. She was(~~is~~) right. It was(~~is~~).

ps: It's upside down. It isn't the right way up.

## Lesson27 

Late in the afternoon, the boys put(set) up their tent in the middle(centre) of a field. As soon as this **was** done, they **cooked** a meal over an **open** fire. They were all (~~all were~~) hungry and the food smelled good. After a wonderful meal, they told stories and sang songs by(around) the campfire. But some time later it began to rain. The boys felt tried so they **put out** the fire and crept(~~went~~) into their tent. Their sleeping bags were warm and comfortable, so they all slept soundly. **In the middle of the night**, two boys woke up and began shouting. The tent **full of** water. They all **leapt** out of their sleeping bags and **hurried** outside. It was **raining heavily** and they found that a **stream** **had formed** in the field. The stream **wound** **its way** across the field and then **flowed** **right under their tent**.

错误点：
1. As soon as this **was** done == As soon as they did this
2. The tent **full of** water.
3. They all **leapt** out of their sleeping bags and **hurried** outside.
4. It was **raining heavily** and they found that a **stream** **had formed** in the field.
5. The stream **wound** **its way** across the field and then **flowed** **right under their tent**.

## Lesson28 No parking



错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson29 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson30 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson31 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson32 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson33 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson34 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson35 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson36 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson37 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson38

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson39 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson40 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson31 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson32 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson33 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson34 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson35 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson36 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson37 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson38

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson39 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson40 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson31 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson32 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson33 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson34 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson35 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson36 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson37 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson38

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson39 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson40 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson31 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson32 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson33 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson34 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson35 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson36 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson37 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson38

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson39 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson40 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson31 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson32 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson33 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson34 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson35 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson36 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson37 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson38

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson39 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson40 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson31 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson32 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson33 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson34 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson35 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson36 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson37 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson38

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson39 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson40 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson31 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson32 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson33 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson34 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson35 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson36 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson37 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson38

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson39 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson40 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson31 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson32 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson33 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson34 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson35 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson36 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson37 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson38

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson39 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 

## Lesson40 

错误点：
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 